Displaying 40 of 40 matches:
 has this problem . if you are changing your oil every 1500-2000 miles contact audi usa for your engine replacement.the front grill is very stylish and gives the front end such an aggressive appearanc
 i just got the car about 5 months ago . it 's been great and everything , it drives great . the engine is kind of noisy ... the muffler tips get black quickly no clue why.. mine is automatic . it 's 
rt , awd and ipod connection in glove box ( $ 250 install ) .several issues with the vehicle 1 ) engine noise - the car sounds like a diesel . not quiet it will bother you . dealer says that is the in
to be burned every 1200 miles - all i can say is wow . this is a serious problem that will cause engine failure in the future 3 ) the hid lights vibrate . taken in on several occasions there is an nts
 *cough*bmw* . the interior is likewise sleek without the bmw austerity or lexus frou-frou . the engine just purrs , and no matter what your speed , the 3.2 has plenty of power in reserve . the gps is
ummer.it 's unbeatable awd that audi pioneered . the rest just follow . audi never follows.great engine , handling , and transmission . unfortunately , the suspension is so hard it transmits every bum
 year / 24 months with nearly nothing down . it is fun to drive . it 's fairly fast for the base engine . the mileage is good , but varies alot between city and highway.handling/cornering . driving is
digital climate control , and of course the fact that it is a convertible . and the sound of the engine ! transmission is very smooth , but can be sporty as well.i recently bought the a4 2.0t cvt ; pr
top and have fun . the only thing that my old car has the advantage over the new one is a silent engine noise , i believe it because of the turbo . i like more silent powerful engines , but otherwise 
vws before this and so far i 'm in love with the a4 . i miss the power off the line from the vr6 engine in the vw 's i drove , but this is my first turbo and part of it is a personal adjustment . woul
ade inside and out at such a great valuecould n't help but notice the earlier review about a new engine failure . i brought my 2007 3.2 cabriolet in for it 's 5000 mile service , and when a new engine
engine failure . i brought my 2007 3.2 cabriolet in for it 's 5000 mile service , and when a new engine noise appeared immediately thereafter on the passenger side , audi replaced the engine , seeming
hen a new engine noise appeared immediately thereafter on the passenger side , audi replaced the engine , seemingly knowing what the problem was right away . one of the cylinders had an obvious machin
ieve in the car you trust it in the most severe time , and it does n't let you down . 4 cylinder engine , great on gas especially now that will hit $ 4 a gallon , and does not compromise power . 200 h
ugh . the interior , as always , high quality.quattro . german . high quality . state of the art engine . stylish . does not need to be `` hooked-up '' , it is already.this is a great car , but it doe
it much for a manual transmission being carefully driven . now the fun part , at 4,953 the check engine light came on and as i soon found out , the oxygen sensor was broken . this would have to be the
rius radio and enjoy every minute in this fun to drive rocket . as many have mentioned , the 3.2 engine has serious pull and the suspension keeps the car hugging the curves . the seamless bluetooth te
is just another added creature comfort , so is the mp3 compatibility . love this car ! excellent engine , tight handling , paddle shifters , s-line styling , navigation , sirius satelite radio , mp3 ,
ehicle . joyful drive and having 10 speakers were very attractive to me . after 4500 miles , the engine on my a4 developed a knock on the passenger side . audi has replaced the air pump , ecu , and is
 will not do heavy duty driving or commuting . for general driving , the fwd is more than fine . engine is great with 2.0t -- peppy and efficient at same time . brother-in-law owns '05 1.8t sedan - dr
g situations . i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship ! that beautiful 6-banger engine ! also , a great sound system ( standard equip . ) , german handling , and exterior styling that
the overall muscular look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . interior controls are well laid out and the dua
ll displays and 18.5 gallon gas tank ! my new 2007 a4 already been the shop 3 times . need a new engine @ 2200 miles . very unreliable machine . very unhappy customer . would not buy audi again . idle
an made car the a4 is a great car for less money . comfortable seats and driving position , good engine power for a 4 cylinder , good number of easy modifications on the market ( chip , suspension ) g
is is my first sedan . i never thought i 'd get one , but i truly like my audi . going from a v6 engine has been my only real adjustment . the lag still bothers me a bit , but once you pick up speed ,
outh grille . you get used to that fairly quickly . i highly recommend the 3.2.the sweet , sweet engine is my favorite feature . it makes the most beautiful sounds , especially with the top down . the
 give a complete review . i was pleasantly surprised at the power and response from such a small engine . i find myself wondering why everyone else is driving so slow on the highway . at slower speeds
trunk depth.second a4 i 've owned and it keeps getting better and better . love the design , the engine , the interior . still notice the turbo lag but not as pronounced as my 05 a4 1.8l . the car wil
car will get up and move when asked and is very responsive , and i love to hear the growl of the engine . until audi does something really bad to these cars i 'll always buy another audi . will always
s : headlight switch ( common in all audis ) , tensioner gasket ( huge oil leak demanding entire engine disassembly ) , instrument panel ( dead horizontal lines ) , and 2 secondary air pump failures .
ot to mention the quarterly visits to the dealer while the car was still before 30k to fix check engine light ( leaking hoses ) . this is my last german car . driving it was lots of fun but i ca n't d
 a beautifully refined vehicle and the interior along with the convertible top is a marvel . the engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy and the 6-speed auto transmission is very refined . i wi
ould be so impressive until i got an a4 sedan as a loaner during normal 5000 mile service . same engine and drive but a different driving experience . bluetooth is also great.start with the engine - 2
ame engine and drive but a different driving experience . bluetooth is also great.start with the engine - 2.0 liter mated to the 6 spd and the quattro drive ... astonishing torque and smoothness for t
 matter of taste - i love the design . interior is very quiet , comfortable , well appointed.the engine , the quattro - feel glued to the road , the mid & upper end torque , ambient interior lighting 
 because of it 's dominant superiority . with seamless traction , like a cheetah coupled with an engine that is fsi turbocharged and inter-cooled race bred in an everyday spoengine and quattrofirst ty
) is a godsend , the color ( deep blue pearl ) is beautiful , the acceleration is strong and the engine roar is sexy ( too bad i 'm still breaking it in , so nothing over 5000 rpm yet ) , and the safe
attro system is much better . i think this car is a keeper ! steering wheel , color , handling , engine power ( 200 hp feels like a lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo space ( for 
ng this car . gets great gas mileage , no turbo lag , amazing handling . quattro , 2.0 fsi turbo engine , handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles like its on rails . the new 2.0t 
 the cockpit.i leased the audi a4 2.0t cvt with premium package and i was amazed by the powerful engine , fuel economy and interior quality . it is fun to drive and a very good looking car . build qua
None
