Displaying 39 of 39 matches:
with 18k miles in excellent condition . the car performs like no other car i have had . first , handling & ride are excellent . fuel economy has been 22 mpg on short trips and around 30 on longer trip
but week later same problem . have n't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem ? handling is great ! ! love the stereo , satellite radio - mileage better than lexus is.i have to take my
went with a4 as the interior is superior ( in my opinion ) . so far , no regrets . good power , handling and fuel economy . all said , i would buy another audi without hesitation.interior quality and 
) home in the pouring rain was n't an issue as the 4wd and the quattro system really helps with handling . very comfortable interior , top end stereo and tight gear shift make this a fun family car . 
eeping the head unit . audi is definitely the ultimate driving machine . bmw , i defect ! great handling , smooth , easy to drive , comfortable , good on gas , great craftsmanship.the a4 avant is agil
 my previous car was an acura rsx , a more reliable ( i am told ) car but not nearly as nice of handling or design . i only hope this car will be as problem free as my acura was , but i am not countin
s problem free as my acura was , but i am not counting on it . this is the price paid for nicer handling and design.seat comfort , awd and ipod connection in glove box ( $ 250 install ) .several issue
tle for the 2.0t . while the 2.0t is peppy , the 3.2 is brute-force power , but with a terrific handling finesse . the exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors *cough*bmw* .
 - 1 , dodge - 0.bose audio system with sirius , the 3d gps navigation is a must-have , quattro handling is unmatched in the rain or even dry pavement . safety safety safety . i feel totally confident
and dreaming of driving this car for 7 years , you hear me , 7 years ! solid performance , nice handling , luxurious interior , a product of real german engineering . really does well on turning on sh
s unbeatable awd that audi pioneered . the rest just follow . audi never follows.great engine , handling , and transmission . unfortunately , the suspension is so hard it transmits every bump and crev
 not very apparent and basically disappears in manual mode . interior is second to none and the handling is crisp and clean . in the process of contemplating this purchase , i have tried out all the c
awd is mandatory for me in the snowbelt . mpg in a car not purchased to be economical . style , handling . not boring.only have 2000 miles in 3 months . visited the dealer on a whim after checking out
pressive and the service ( for the 5k oil change ) quick and friendly . great little car ! road handling , sound system and sport-setting on the transmission . bought my first german made car . almost
ed , thought the lexus was just too boring , and the mb a little too 'old ' . i like the ride , handling , mpg , price and stereo in this car . the price came in under all the competition and the comp
a long long time.almost 600 miles to the tank if you baby it on the hwy , excellent all weather handling , mp3 audio system has great overall sound and very good bass response , 6 heating levels for h
ith folding seats , small medical kit standard.this is one great car . i love how agile it is . handling is superb and it is a pleasure to drive the car . this car personifies how a true german sports
g and leg area is slightly tight where a bit of wider floor would increase the comfort . ride , handling , design and style.i selected the wood trim instead of the aluminum . the car is very fun to dr
the turbo blasts the car forward leaving other cars in your wake . i am also impressed with the handling capabilities of the a4 . many of the components of the sport suspension are borrowed from the s
added creature comfort , so is the mp3 compatibility . love this car ! excellent engine , tight handling , paddle shifters , s-line styling , navigation , sirius satelite radio , mp3 , 6 cd changer , 
and the price was right , compared to a used 2006 bmw convertible.driver 's seat/cockpit feel . handling . stereo . acceleration and cruise . convertible top . manumatic shifting . 2007 body style twe
e 3-series in three important categories of performance , appearance , and overall value , with handling being a tie . i 'm so glad i kicked in the extra few thousand to get the 6-cyl . over the buzzy
ip ! that beautiful 6-banger engine ! also , a great sound system ( standard equip . ) , german handling , and exterior styling that never fails to draw compliments from friends and strangers alike.si
 , even with the base 16 '' wheel/tire setup , the suspension setting is firm yet comfortable . handling is neutral to very minimal understeer . overall experience is very good , on par with the last 
ving at 80 mph . i do n't know how the engineers did it , but wind noise is kept at a minimum . handling is much better than the old cabs . it seems stiffer and the turn-in is quicker . brakes are awe
 cheers.simply quattro ! my second a4 avant and it is better than my 2003 was . faster , better handling , great looking both inside and out . better mileage and bang for your buck than any benz or bm
why everyone else is driving so slow on the highway . at slower speeds and around corners , the handling is very quick with very little lean.the manual shifting with the 2t package takes some getting 
 120-an-hour labor dealer . buy at your own risk - and read the forums before you do ! superior handling , acceleration , very good sound system.i have had my a4 for a month and it handles any curve i
 overall fit and finish is unmatched by any other cars in classbuild quality , looks , stereo , handling , gas mileage.i bought this car for my daughter , who previously had a volvo s40 and a volvo s6
or service i was given an a4 as a loaner and loved it . tight as a drum , well-balanced , great handling , outstanding gas mileage and really fun to drive ( i grab it whenever i can ! ) . excellent bu
s of driving enjoyment . driver 's seat and access to console , large trunk , comfort and great handling , and awd.i love driving this car . it has a great feel and handles very well on back country r
's bmw . sure it has ff format and it does n't quite drive like fr bmw , but it has a confident handling and ride quality that many drivers would n't really mind at all . and how about the price point
.handling , gas mileage , power for a 4cyl and the interior.the car drives great . it has tight handling and responsive control , it 's easy to operate and the controls are great . it 's a beautiful c
onsive control , it 's easy to operate and the controls are great . it 's a beautiful car . the handling and control in poor weather.this thing is soo fun . i 've had an mb c230 before and it ca n't e
after i drive it a year or so i 'll put in another review . but right now i love this car . the handling is great , the steering wheel ( adaptive steering ) is a godsend , the color ( deep blue pearl 
and the quattro system is much better . i think this car is a keeper ! steering wheel , color , handling , engine power ( 200 hp feels like a lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo sp
es everything well . i enjoy driving this car . gets great gas mileage , no turbo lag , amazing handling . quattro , 2.0 fsi turbo engine , handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles
r . gets great gas mileage , no turbo lag , amazing handling . quattro , 2.0 fsi turbo engine , handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles like its on rails . the new 2.0t transmissi
he car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-speed manual , handling , sport suspension , xenon headlights , layout of the cockpit.i leased the audi a4 2.0t cvt wit
None
