Displaying 49 of 49 matches:
s very stylish and gives the front end such an aggressive appearance . the craftsmanship of the interior is flawless , and the audio is uplifting . i just got the car about 5 months ago . it 's been g
ips and around 30 on longer trips . the seats ( both leather and power ) are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled . only complaint is the short leg room in the rear seats , but since the
op up which is not a common thing for convertibles in today 's market . the build quality , the interior of course , nothing beats audi with this . i love the automatic top and the feel i have while d
ow . performance is great . nearest dealer 1 hour away which is a drag . performance , design , interior . audio system . bought my first pre-owned audi after owning lexus is-looking for better mileag
n the snow very easy . it was a toss up between the a4 and bmw 3 series . i went with a4 as the interior is superior ( in my opinion ) . so far , no regrets . good power , handling and fuel economy . 
as n't an issue as the 4wd and the quattro system really helps with handling . very comfortable interior , top end stereo and tight gear shift make this a fun family car . take the kids to practice or
ternoon : both can be fun in this solid family sedan -- the 2007 a4.tight gear shift ; superior interior design ; very good safety specifications ; great mpg.this is an unbelievable car that has as mu
mw , but with more elegance and minus a couple thousand dollars.steerable bi-xenon headlights , interior led ambiance lighting , coming home/leaving home feature.i have been driving bmw 's for the las
rns are common to get decent parking ) .this is the complete package . fun to drive , beautiful interior , great in any weather , zippy . what more do you want in a car this size ? quattro . heated se
t puts to rest the popular notion that wagons are boring and unsexy . the overall layout of the interior ( particularly the console area ) and the sleek exterior design . the technology is also user f
ains and the gas mileage is way better than our previous automatic . also no one beats the audi interior for the money . it is better than my buddy 's brand new $ 90,000 bmw 650i interior . it is an i
ats the audi interior for the money . it is better than my buddy 's brand new $ 90,000 bmw 650i interior . it is an incredible car for the money.body design , turning headlights , cabin fit and finish
sse . the exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors *cough*bmw* . the interior is likewise sleek without the bmw austerity or lexus frou-frou . the engine just purrs , and no
ng this car for 7 years , you hear me , 7 years ! solid performance , nice handling , luxurious interior , a product of real german engineering . really does well on turning on sharp curves , it hugs 
rankly , it is no big deal as it is not very apparent and basically disappears in manual mode . interior is second to none and the handling is crisp and clean . in the process of contemplating this pu
cause they put everything into one great package.ride ... crisp and clean . sport supension ! ! interior and exterior styling . the integrated bluetooth is a nice feature . i 'm big , the car is n't ,
to anybody out there . fully rectractable top , no hands required ; ) and bi-xenon headlights , interior ! shows how much work has been spent on it , love it ! i purchased a new a4 quattro . on the wa
iver with the cachet of a german luxury make without breaking the bank ! fuel economy ; quality interior ; base stereo is fine ; unmatched fit and finish ; full sized spare and wheel-in case you run u
 is more powerful . even though is 4 cyl , it has 10 hp more than my previous v6 . exterior and interior design is awesome . i got 6 years 100000 miles of warranty ( for certified cars only ) , so i c
re silent powerful engines , but otherwise everything is just excellent ! aaa+++ redesigned new interior and exterior . very fuel efficient . cvt impressed me , too . interior is larger than previous.
 ! aaa+++ redesigned new interior and exterior . very fuel efficient . cvt impressed me , too . interior is larger than previous.i 've owned three vws before this and so far i 'm in love with the a4 .
purchase one again , if i had the choice ? yes . i love the way it handles , the ergonomics and interior design are excellent , and the build quality is top notch . i only wish that i had an s4 or an 
 has proven to be ultra-reliable at least for me . i love the 3.2 's growl and pick-up.the best interior in its class , even if i can still see a resemblance to my 98 's . quattro - if you live in the
y now that will hit $ 4 a gallon , and does not compromise power . 200 hp is quite enough . the interior , as always , high quality.quattro . german . high quality . state of the art engine . stylish 
ed glowing remarks on the quartz metallic exterior and most people `` get '' the smooth quality interior . i 've got the navigation system with sirius radio and enjoy every minute in this fun to drive
t & says it 's much stronger from a standstill . upgraded stereo with bose/sirius is fabulous . interior fit/feel is intuitive , with lots of little features that make it a pleasure to drive . top up/
first audi and so far i 'm very pleased . the overall muscular look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . inter
erior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . interior controls are well laid out and the dual climate control works exceptionally well - very cold a/
 but audi had a better deal , and i am very pleased with my car . it 's a classy car.i love the interior . it 's really first rate . the brakes are tops . this is my 8th leased audi . love the brand .
turn-in is quicker . brakes are awesome and inspire confidence . got it in alpaka beige , cream interior and tan room . it 's a very nice looking car , even with the new audi gap-mouth grille . you ge
st of the upgrades , this baby rocks . black and beige is a babe magnet.performance , luxurious interior , safety ratings and value compared to similar classed wagons . i have n't owned this vehicle l
he suspension is somewhat stiff but i think you 'd have to agree that it is race oriented . the interior is comfortable and `` no nonsense '' . everything is there and nicely organized around the driv
cond a4 i 've owned and it keeps getting better and better . love the design , the engine , the interior . still notice the turbo lag but not as pronounced as my 05 a4 1.8l . the car will get up and m
hile others were putting on chains i just kept on driving . stereo , inside style , fat tires , interior lighting.i have now owned my 6th audi ( 4th a4 ) and i will say for sure , audi has come back t
o drive ( i grab it whenever i can ! ) . excellent build quality , great exterior design and an interior way beyond anything in its price class . buy it ! performance , looks , quality , interior.afte
y favorite features are as follows : 1. the ? sport ? feature on the transmissions . 2. the red interior lighting on the dash and center console . 3. it ? s a babe magnet.i found my stylish , sporty a
 new reason to like it better than the day before . it is a beautifully refined vehicle and the interior along with the convertible top is a marvel . the engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy
wesome , but it 's not to be expected . the exterior is a matter of taste - i love the design . interior is very quiet , comfortable , well appointed.the engine , the quattro - feel glued to the road 
ointed.the engine , the quattro - feel glued to the road , the mid & upper end torque , ambient interior lighting , fit and finish overall , the interior - with the few exceptions noted.truly a thinki
he road , the mid & upper end torque , ambient interior lighting , fit and finish overall , the interior - with the few exceptions noted.truly a thinking man 's bmw . sure it has ff format and it does
e point . it is several thousands dollars less than bmw , but i think it has much more tasteful interior that will age gracefully . wonderful car to drive and look at.interior design and the materials
the drive and feel of the a4 . handles amazing , great gas mileage and an appealing look - both interior and exterior . test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and
look - both interior and exterior . test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the a4 . the interior controls take a little getting used t
nd not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the a4 . the interior controls take a little getting used to ( climate controls , audio , lights , and sunroof contro
 sexy ( too bad i 'm still breaking it in , so nothing over 5000 rpm yet ) , and the safety and interior features are very well designed . i personally liked how the manual drove on this car than the 
lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo space ( for this size car ) , beautiful interior full size spare , quattro awd system.i have only logged 400 miles but i am sold on the a4 . the
en you hit the back roads it feels stuck to the road but rides very comfortably . as far as the interior goes it is nearly perfect from an ergonomic stand point and i love the bluetooth with my blackb
ransmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need . the car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-speed manual , handling , sport s
udi a4 2.0t cvt with premium package and i was amazed by the powerful engine , fuel economy and interior quality . it is fun to drive and a very good looking car . build quality , performance , fuel e
None
