Displaying 17 of 17 matches:
ll types of driving . unfortunately , the fsi motors that audi drops in these cars are garbage . power is fine , handeling is impeccable , solid running motor , but huge oil issues . in most of the a
ft from 3rd to 2nd the car shakes . also turbo lag at start . wish it had just a little bit more power . but it 's enough . good sound system . good handling.just bought a 2007 a4 quattro 2.0 used wi
nomy has been 22 mpg on short trips and around 30 on longer trips . the seats ( both leather and power ) are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled . only complaint is the short leg room 
feel i have while driving , i feel like a royal person . : ) i 'm constantly having to fool with power window controls . so sensitive it either goes all the way down or all the way up hard to get it 
ries . i went with a4 as the interior is superior ( in my opinion ) . so far , no regrets . good power , handling and fuel economy . all said , i would buy another audi without hesitation.interior qu
ng the 3.2l , i could not settle for the 2.0t . while the 2.0t is peppy , the 3.2 is brute-force power , but with a terrific handling finesse . the exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like 
 lexus frou-frou . the engine just purrs , and no matter what your speed , the 3.2 has plenty of power in reserve . the gps is top- notch , the bose system is pure concert- hall sound , and the overa
t are cast not stamped . turbo that really pushes the fuel economy up and gives a super boost of power from 50 mph to 135 within a few seconds on the highway . too scared to redline it to see how fas
than previous.i 've owned three vws before this and so far i 'm in love with the a4 . i miss the power off the line from the vr6 engine in the vw 's i drove , but this is my first turbo and part of i
linder engine , great on gas especially now that will hit $ 4 a gallon , and does not compromise power . 200 hp is quite enough . the interior , as always , high quality.quattro . german . high quali
look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . interior controls are well laid out and the dual climate control wo
 car the a4 is a great car for less money . comfortable seats and driving position , good engine power for a 4 cylinder , good number of easy modifications on the market ( chip , suspension ) good st
e long enough ( purchased 1/2007 ) to give a complete review . i was pleasantly surprised at the power and response from such a small engine . i find myself wondering why everyone else is driving so 
st works . this is not four wheel drive , as i have often heard the neophyte describe controlled power to four wheels . on dry pavement , this is total smart control - quattro is an all wheel compute
ng used to ( climate controls , audio , lights , and sunroof control ) .handling , gas mileage , power for a 4cyl and the interior.the car drives great . it has tight handling and responsive control 
ystem is much better . i think this car is a keeper ! steering wheel , color , handling , engine power ( 200 hp feels like a lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo space ( for this s
its on rails . the new 2.0t transmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need . the car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-spe
None
