Displaying 15 of 15 matches:
gas , great craftsmanship.the a4 avant is agile on the road and it 's a blast to drive . for the price , you really get a lot for your money . most significantly , i feel firmly tied to the road duri
ope this car will be as problem free as my acura was , but i am not counting on it . this is the price paid for nicer handling and design.seat comfort , awd and ipod connection in glove box ( $ 250 i
er 1 year , i can firmly say that it is a really nice car , but definitely not worth the sticker price of 37k . i have a couple of issues ( car stalls for 2-3 seconds while cruising ) that the dealer
smission and the sport feature to provide more torque and power.i shopped all the brands in this price point , thought the bmw was too small and cramped , thought the lexus was just too boring , and 
 lexus was just too boring , and the mb a little too 'old ' . i like the ride , handling , mpg , price and stereo in this car . the price came in under all the competition and the complementary maint
e mb a little too 'old ' . i like the ride , handling , mpg , price and stereo in this car . the price came in under all the competition and the complementary maintenance was very nice . however , i 
d thing.handling ( suspension ) . build quality . ergonomics . refinement.the a4 can justify the price and gives the owner a sense of exclusivity . i wanted a sensible economy car , and that 's exact
ra tl , infiniti g35 , and lexus is 250 as well . in my opinion , acura had the best quality and price . however , audi was much more fun to drive and has awd feature which is very helpful for me ( i
icle . awd and interior.have owned the car for 6 days and love it ! went with fwd and cvt due to price -- wanted a convertible and this is a 3rd car that will not do heavy duty driving or commuting .
. top up/ down process is painless and takes less that 30 seconds . overall , no regrets and the price was right , compared to a used 2006 bmw convertible.driver 's seat/cockpit feel . handling . ste
 in this class offers luxury , performance , safety , cachet , fuel economy , and quality at the price of an a4 ? bmw arguably makes a superior car , but the value is not there ( and how will you kno
! ) . excellent build quality , great exterior design and an interior way beyond anything in its price class . buy it ! performance , looks , quality , interior.after a bad experience with my 2006 bm
ent handling and ride quality that many drivers would n't really mind at all . and how about the price point . it is several thousands dollars less than bmw , but i think it has much more tasteful in
 and exterior . test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the a4 . the interior controls take a little getting used to ( climate control
all the power you need . the car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-speed manual , handling , sport suspension , xenon headlights , layout of the cockpit.i leas
None
