Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
see what i 'm talking about . if you look at all the other audi vehicles , only the a4 has this problem . if you are changing your oil every 1500-2000 miles contact audi usa for your engine replaceme
. brakes squeak at low speeds - had them cleaned to remove carbon build- up but week later same problem . have n't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem ? handling is great ! ! love 
build- up but week later same problem . have n't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem ? handling is great ! ! love the stereo , satellite radio - mileage better than lexus is.i have
itely stepped up their game . i drive a lot and am currently at 53,000 miles and have not had 1 problem . consistent 31 mpg even with driving at 80 mph . highly recommended ! i have been real disappo
 i am told ) car but not nearly as nice of handling or design . i only hope this car will be as problem free as my acura was , but i am not counting on it . this is the price paid for nicer handling 
nces allow for a quart to be burned every 1200 miles - all i can say is wow . this is a serious problem that will cause engine failure in the future 3 ) the hid lights vibrate . taken in on several o
iately thereafter on the passenger side , audi replaced the engine , seemingly knowing what the problem was right away . one of the cylinders had an obvious machining defect that the service departme
ooked-up '' , it is already.this is a great car , but it does have a few problems . the biggest problem so far is the fuel economy , granted i live in nyc , but 230 miles to the tank still seems like
 returned to the dealer for a total of approximately 6 weeks to try to fix a serious mechanical problem - namely , extremely hard starting in cold weather . based on audi 's suggestions , a number of
f the car 's components , including the coils and exhaust valves , have been replaced , but the problem has been neither identified or fixed . ( the car has currently been at the dealer for almost 4 
 knob , mp3 hook-up.when i bought my 1.8t awd , dealer insisted it would last over 100k with no problem . as soon as mine went off the warranty it several major failures : headlight switch ( common i
None
