Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
 comes from the rear ) , design and quality.i purchased the new 2007 a4 on 9/3/6 . the manual transmission really allows you to drive this car and as a v4 it gets over 30 miles to the gallon . driving
3.0 quattro before and there is no companison . quattros are what audi is all about . the cvt transmission is jerky in the 3.2. it is a boring ride . i once tried to accelerate and had a delayed respo
that audi pioneered . the rest just follow . audi never follows.great engine , handling , and transmission . unfortunately , the suspension is so hard it transmits every bump and crevice from the road
e like i did ; audi dealers treat you with difference . the turbo 4 is plenty with the manual transmission , and i average 31 mpg in mostly highway travel . handles great . no problems . feels solid .
quick and friendly . great little car ! road handling , sound system and sport-setting on the transmission . bought my first german made car . almost bought a ford fusion but when i really sat down an
d go traffic around town . vehicle kicks with the cvt which you can make drive like a regular transmission , but that burns more fuel and well you do n't need it.i find out something new on this vehic
e of it . when i drive past people they know that the looks impressive . i love the tiptronic transmission and the sport feature to provide more torque and power.i shopped all the brands in this price
ate control , and of course the fact that it is a convertible . and the sound of the engine ! transmission is very smooth , but can be sporty as well.i recently bought the a4 2.0t cvt ; previously i h
 , granted i live in nyc , but 230 miles to the tank still seems like a bit much for a manual transmission being carefully driven . now the fun part , at 4,953 the check engine light came on and as i 
ble top is a marvel . the engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy and the 6-speed auto transmission is very refined . i wish the gas mileage were a little better , but that is the compromise to
handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles like its on rails . the new 2.0t transmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need . the car 's interior 
None
