Displaying 16 of 16 matches:
                                                                                                 engine is terrible . i have had it in service 3 times and it 's there again . they do n't know how to f
e jump ( which i improved by putting in a k & n air filter and using 93 octane fuel ) , once the engine has enough air compression , the turbo blasts the car forward . interior compenents are all high
the audi certified program so great deal with new car warranty . very , very happy.quattro , 3.2 engine and handlingi leased this a4 last may and it continues to get better . this is my first audi and
 the slight lag out the gate . the lag is random . it 's weird , but it depends on the day . the engine is definitely affected by extreme temperatures . tiptronic , bluetooth , ipod deckwe looked high
t year 's model . this car looks great and drives even better . it has comfortable seats and the engine runs very smoothly . the a4 convertible is a cross between a sports car and a luxury car and it 
ffered as a 6 speed . we only have had manual transmissions with sport suspension . the 2008 2.0 engine is more throaty and powerful than previous models . the four wheel drive sticks like glue . the 
celeration is fine , with little turbo lag . forget bmw and go for it.four wheel drive ; throaty engine ; exterior style ; optional sport suspension ; optional stereo/satellite radio upgrademy other v
 to all its competitors and is better in some ways than 328ix , c class , g35x.strong 4 cylinder engine . great gas mileage . great room in front seats . great seat heaters , comfortable car for two a
 blast to drive . went for the throaty 3.2 over the 2.0 , and i 'm glad i did . not only for the engine , but also for the equipment that 's standard instead of optional . it 's fast and handles like 
y minute . hit 2115 miles , oil pressure light came on and car died . threw a cam , needs entire engine rebuilt , possibly major design flaw with 08 's . 4 weeks for repairs so far , and i still do n'
the 2.0t has only 200hp but is really powerfull provided that you now how to drive a 4 cyl turbo engine , i.e. , buy a manual transmission and do not ask the engine for maximum thrust at 1500rpm . dow
 you now how to drive a 4 cyl turbo engine , i.e. , buy a manual transmission and do not ask the engine for maximum thrust at 1500rpm . downshift , step on the gas and see what a turbo engine can do .
 ask the engine for maximum thrust at 1500rpm . downshift , step on the gas and see what a turbo engine can do . for me , a4 is the ideal compromise between price , aspect and driving experience . the
t wait for snow ! i 've only had it for 3 days , but i love it so far . good performance for the engine size and handles great . i was torn between getting a pure sports car or pure luxury car , but t
ut the power of the 2.0t feels even better than the v6 in the jetta . i was also concerned about engine noise and gas mileage . the growl of the audi exhaust makes me smile and i 'm getting about the 
able turbo lag , but this can probably be overcome by changing driving habits . the sound of the engine will also take some getting used to as the turbo is a bit `` throatier '' than i 'm used to . th
None
