Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
h . wife also likes it a lot ! awd works great in midwest winters ; paddle shifters , excellent handling , comfortable/luxurious leather seats , stereo system sounds incredible , exterior design , dir
. the car has great pickup going in to traffic . i would buy another the car handles well.great handling and great on gas.i bought this car about 5 months ago and it 's awesome ! the only things i do 
ileage is fantastic , but pure city driving gives poorer than i hoped . but overall , power and handling are the best ! this is the funnest car i 've ever driven . trunk space the best of all converti
elowinterior and exterior style and looks . great torque with very little turbo lag . versatile handling and driving dynamics suited for a wide range of driving conditions . quattro ! build quality . 
litywhen it worked the awd was awesome , very good in the snow , the one time i got to use it . handling was great.my first audi ( drove a 1.8t jetta for 5 years ) ; this is one sweet ride . gone is t
di for 2 years ( and really liking the way it handled ) , i was amazed with the quattro 's road handling prowess ! on the way home from the dealer , i was on the freeway and naturally fiddling with th
 wheel , the car simply took the corner like it was on a rail . i kid you not ! sports car-like handling , 6 speed paddle tiptronic shifting , sport shift and over-all interior and exterior looks.look
able , my first 5-hour road trip flew by . ca n't wait to see what quattro can do in the snow . handling , handling , handling - more important than raw horsepower . this car just wants to go and the 
irst 5-hour road trip flew by . ca n't wait to see what quattro can do in the snow . handling , handling , handling - more important than raw horsepower . this car just wants to go and the 6spd lets y
 road trip flew by . ca n't wait to see what quattro can do in the snow . handling , handling , handling - more important than raw horsepower . this car just wants to go and the 6spd lets you maneuver
 i 've been entirely impressed thus far . the feel and ride are just great , solid and smooth . handling is sure and secure . i owned a 2001 vw jetta glx previously and was a little unsure of going ba
None
