Displaying 15 of 15 matches:
octane fuel ) , once the engine has enough air compression , the turbo blasts the car forward . interior compenents are all high quality.leather seating surfaces are top notch . wife also likes it a l
 see what 2011 has to offer . seats feel good/supportive . i love the heated seats option . the interior is clean looking and is made with high quality materials . bluetooth is a nice feature . i swor
 gps nav to the smooth shifting six- speed , it 's a sedan that puts a smile on your face . the interior , the full-size spare in the trunk , the butter smooth gearbox , the mmc sound and nav system .
m for improvement , i am very pleased with how it handles and the multitude of features.overall interior and exterior design is very sleek . has many extra features that other convertible sport cars d
ic xmsn 's . beautiful leather all over.i bought this car in brilliant black with black leather interior , after researching and test driving cars from the famous five ( bmw ( 1 and 3 series ) , infin
 bmw ( 1 and 3 series ) , infinity g37 , lexus is , acura tl ) . in terms of exterior looks and interior quality and design , audi beats all the others hand down . i have always had a soft corner for 
s perfectly and the finish is just as every review indicated - nothing i would change about the interior . i have been averaging about 27mpg the first month - not bad considering manhattan traffic . i
liter is very strong for a 4 cylinder so you need to keep in mind it ca n't be compared to a 6. interior is very well built . exterior is very sharp . this car has all the power anyone should need . i
ewhat mean looking : ) . i got basic car with 17 '' wheels , leather , bluetooth and ipod . the interior is beautiful and very comfortable . the ride is smooth and does this car love curves ! overall 
dans have s-line styling on the body , but not the 18 '' wheels , sport suspension , and superb interior trim . my advice is to spring for it , as you hardly ever see the 18 '' wheels on a4 and it enh
t and weather ... always a pleasure to come across it anew.great fun-to-fuel efficiency ratio . interior design and finish is the best on the market.we have only had the car for a month , but we are l
d much to the experience . i think you can figure out when to turn on the lights and wipers.the interior lighting at night is awesome , mp3 player works very well , quattro , huge trunk , and pretty g
u not ! sports car-like handling , 6 speed paddle tiptronic shifting , sport shift and over-all interior and exterior looks.looked for a wagon ( not suv ) with some style and performance , settled on 
 less if i feel like having fun . it is not really a lightweight car so this seems acceptable . interior is very quiet and comfortable , my first 5-hour road trip flew by . ca n't wait to see what qua
othly . the now-standard s-line exterior features definitely give the car a sportier look . the interior is outstanding . the layout is getting better and the list of available features is exhaustive 
None
