Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
my $ 200 garmin gps is far superior.sport mode shifter , b and o sound system , keyless entry , handling , fuel efficiency , great visibility from drivers seat , back up camera , awesome panoramic roo
le.b & o stereo , bluetooth/phone connection and gps screen.i really love this car . i like the handling and the acceleration . there are a ton of features for the price . the only complaints i have a
etting for potholes works well . prestige package is worth it . pricey , but a very nice ride ! handling , styling , interior style and design , the advanced technology , utility permutations . abilit
t be disappointed.led lighting , interior refinement , not your average run of the mill looks , handling , power . the whole package.premium plus w/nav in ibis white i had never really considered an a
a super fun car to drive ! we have the prestige model -- - definitely worth the upgrade ! mmi , handling , power , bang & olufsen sound system , panoramic sun roofi love my new audi q5 . traded in a l
s , so net net it is like 0 % financing + $ 500 discount . the car is perfect for my wife . the handling is great and the interior is far superior than the x3 or the glk . love the led lights and the 
h other models and brands . clearly ahead of the competition . styling , interior room , sporty handling and more than enough power . fuel economy as advertised . loaded with technology . was about to
 and while parked . those led daytime running lights really get everyone 's attention . precise handling ; superb ride.fit & finish ; led drls ; mmi ; ipod interfacewe 've driven the q5 ( with premium
here . one test was all it took to blow me away . the q5 drives and feels like a sport sedan as handling and acceleration are excellent . the build quality is phenomenal . seats are extremely comforta
hased the car . as an understatement , it is absolutely perfect . excellent engine response and handling . the navigation system and audio commands are superior . i drove several competitors , i.e. , 
ghway 29.6 at 70 mph and 30.5 at 65 mph yes ! the third generation mmi/nav is excellent and the handling . it 's got to get better its not even broken in .
None
