Displaying 26 of 26 matches:
icle that has less than 2800 miles . that to me as a customer is unacceptable.outside looking , interior designmy wife in on her second audi ( first an a4 , now an a6 ) . i 'm the `` designated suv dr
e first class and have a high end feel , as is generally the case with audi . the design of the interior ca n't be beat and overall , a very good use of space . aggressive looking exterior . this car 
ve this new car . it drives like a dream , a sports car feel with the high ride of an suv . the interior is simply elegant ( i got the cinnamon brown leather and deep blue exterior ) , premium plus wi
 mmi phone system is a dial rather than buttons and plugging in for voicemail is a pain.elegant interior finish , comfort , smooth ride and tight steering . mmi system is awesome and voice control is 
uld be fun to drive , quick acceleration , a great solid ride , not too fancy in appearance and interior , yet functional ? my friends on facebook submitted their suggestions , this is how i came acro
tions for the price in cadillacs , lexus , acura . ride quality , mmi navigation , led lights , interior . fuel economy is 22 to 23 in combined city/highway driving . took delivery of new q-5 with pre
f the mmi . q-5 held the road well at speeds to 80mph . gas mileage averaged a whopping 25mpg . interior is well appointed . everything about the q-5 is solid . the b & o stereo is without equal . thi
l i drove the audi . very good power for a v6 , handles well and has a very smooth ride . great interior , good cargo space and the sunroof is fantastic . i 've owned 2 acuras , a 325 and 525 bmw and 
orks well . prestige package is worth it . pricey , but a very nice ride ! handling , styling , interior style and design , the advanced technology , utility permutations . ability to leap small snowb
e rear wheel for complete control , all other cars has issue with this even bmw 535i also 2009. interior is extremely nice - i have nearly all the options so car price tag is $ 50k , which is appears 
s so car price tag is $ 50k , which is appears overpriced at first , but when comparing quality interior and options is right on the money.engine , drive , and the nav which is a small screen and i th
o easy in convincing my wife : a 10 out of 10.side mirrors , transmission , roof , led lights , interior and exterior design.this car is such a big upgrade from our 2006 x3 ( which we loved ) , i can 
 if you are looking for a small suv look no further , you wo n't be disappointed.led lighting , interior refinement , not your average run of the mill looks , handling , power . the whole package.prem
 the most important factor is that it feels like a sedan and drives like one.exterior styling , interior fit and finish , led drl , panoramic sunroof , sport mode ( quite responsive ) , audi care , po
0 % financing + $ 500 discount . the car is perfect for my wife . the handling is great and the interior is far superior than the x3 or the glk . love the led lights and the huge side mirrors . my onl
glk . love the led lights and the huge side mirrors . my only complaint is the relatively small interior space , especially when compared to rx350 . otherwise , it was perfect . style , led lights , m
0 off the selling price ( not msrp ) . at such a deal i bought one also . his is black with tan interior and mine is white with tan interior . we both got the premium plus , but he also got the mmi pa
 . at such a deal i bought one also . his is black with tan interior and mine is white with tan interior . we both got the premium plus , but he also got the mmi package . no need for bigger rims or s
t.compared this car with other models and brands . clearly ahead of the competition . styling , interior room , sporty handling and more than enough power . fuel economy as advertised . loaded with te
ity , craftsmanship , fit and finish is beyond compare . got the meteor gray pearl , light gray interior & premium plus pkg . have caused countless head turns on the road and while parked . those led 
le , but with the stamina of an suv . i am 5 '' 4 and this car does n't feel 'too large ' . the interior is classy , and goes above and beyond all of the competition . i have been looking for a year f
t drive ! led lights , panoramic sunroof , ipod display screen , self-closing trunk , beautiful interior ! ! q5 ... truth in engineering equals driving fun . sexy inside & out.truly a head-turner ! be
r on a crossover that my wife & i would like . the q5 has a very nice exterior look to it . the interior is comfortable for a person that 6'5 '' . the q5 has more than enough get up & go to it . gas m
sons i bought this car.front led 's and rear led 's , the quattro , the panoramic sunroof , the interior , the keyless go ... the list goes on and on.traded in my infiniti m35x . have always been a fa
eful and intuitive , panoramic sunroof , quattro six speed transmission , quality and finish of interior , led daytime running lights and tailights , utra smooth 3.2 liter engine , exhaust sound , ste
 road.my wife and i just purchased the q5 . it was quite a trade up from a toyota corolla . the interior styling is far superior to its mercedes and bmw competitors . all three trims are great , and t
None
