Displaying 10 of 10 matches:
hat made the difference . the exterior is so aggressive and sporty vs 'cute ' . one touch of the power hatch lift button and i can get my bike in the cargo area or pack up for a road trip . my husban
different cars and nothing seemed to have everything i wanted until i drove the audi . very good power for a v6 , handles well and has a very smooth ride . great interior , good cargo space and the s
pointed.led lighting , interior refinement , not your average run of the mill looks , handling , power . the whole package.premium plus w/nav in ibis white i had never really considered an audi until
ior fit and finish , led drl , panoramic sunroof , sport mode ( quite responsive ) , audi care , power tailgate , does n't look like an soccer-moms lexus rx , feels like a sedan in every aspect.i 've
n car to drive ! we have the prestige model -- - definitely worth the upgrade ! mmi , handling , power , bang & olufsen sound system , panoramic sun roofi love my new audi q5 . traded in a landrover 
learly ahead of the competition . styling , interior room , sporty handling and more than enough power . fuel economy as advertised . loaded with technology . was about to purchase an x5 . after driv
ront visibility a bit when making turns , for example . i think we 'll get used to it.handling , power , mmi , passenger space , cargo space ( movable 2nd row seats are simply awesome ) , power liftg
ing , power , mmi , passenger space , cargo space ( movable 2nd row seats are simply awesome ) , power liftgate , led lights , audi ergonomics.i have had 2 mercedes ( ml320 and e320 ) and my q5 is mu
tuff . i would certainly recommend this car to anyone looking for a smaller suv , a lot of fun , power and style.panorama sun roof , bluetooth , ipod connectivity.this isn ? t going to be your typica
e great , and the prestige is amazing . all three trims have the same engine - which has all the power we 'd ever need . it has all the bells and whistles . panoramic moonroof , bang and olufsen soun
None
