Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
hback button , awdalthough a very good looking car and fun to drive at high speeds , this car transmission technology is still too new and audi has not full control over it , i have a default transmis
smission technology is still too new and audi has not full control over it , i have a default transmission , and am not the only one , they have no right answers as how to fix it , they first exchange
fix it , they first exchange the mechatronics which has nothing to do with the jerking of the transmission in the lower gears , and after trying different things and not being able to repair the car t
rent things and not being able to repair the car their best solution is to replace the entire transmission in a vehicle that has less than 2800 miles . that to me as a customer is unacceptable.outside
ts and the rooftop made my life so easy in convincing my wife : a 10 out of 10.side mirrors , transmission , roof , led lights , interior and exterior design.this car is such a big upgrade from our 20
hts , and overall design . excellent all-around luxury suv . traded in our 2004 volvo xc 90 ( transmission problems ) . looked at the volvo xc60 and lexus rx 350 among several others . after the deale
re fun driving this car than any car i have owned and i 've had several sports cars . put the transmission in `` s '' and punch it and it throws you back in the seat . we test drove the volvo , lexus 
rice , the q won hands down . great car ! acceleration and feel when engaging the sport drive transmission . turning ability , look and feel of the dashboard , 3d display graphics , one touch controls
drive and especially so in the sport mode . has more get up and go than i ever expected . the transmission in the regular drive mode can be a bit sluggish , but works fine . there is plenty of room in
had to take the mdx 3 times to dealership to fix a/c and i recently discovered a noise on the transmission , so i decided - that 's it ! ! and bought the q5 . i could not be happier with it.great pick
 latest generation mmi system is useful and intuitive , panoramic sunroof , quattro six speed transmission , quality and finish of interior , led daytime running lights and tailights , utra smooth 3.2
None
