Displaying 13 of 13 matches:
stock are terrible ! i had to replace the fronts under 20000 and the rear 25000. now i am having engine problems with the transmission . recommendation : do n't purchase this vehicle ! also very noisy
ely 6000 miles on it . i like the feel of the car - very nicely done - and the pick up , but the engine noise is a bit loud . the manual says to shift earlier - right . i am a bit disappointed about h
king for a hatchback . the only problem i have had was a bad sensor in the fuel tank set off the engine light , but it was fixed.steering wheel dials for radio ; armrest in backseat ; dual sun roof an
 i wanted the more premium features of the audi , and i prefer its exterior design.auto trans. , engine , interior , features , build and fit quality , safety features , exterior size , what a huge gl
, looking small on the outside but airy and roomy inside and appearing underpowered by a 2 liter engine but providing more get up and go than many larger engines . in addition , it 's beautifully asse
structed when front armrest is down . open sky system , 6-speed manual shifts excellently , 2.0t engine runs great , not too much electronic garbage , good gas mileage , great cargo room , good handli
y solid and you can tell the difference between awd the fwd in cornering . better ( subjective ) engine tone than 2.0t . interior build quality and materials are incredible and comfortable on long dri
h ago . it is an ok car overall but very poor quality . so far , i 've replaced radiator , check engine light went on twice , and constantly have to add more oil to the car because `` low oil '' light
t and finish tipped the scales . this car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic . engine has great power , and the car handles like a dream . the traction control was put to the test du
rough with flying colors . i would n't hesitate to buy another . interior fit and finish , turbo engine , handling.my daily commute is 152 miles a day . its a little noisy on some roadways . overall i
 need winter snows if really interested . quattro would be nice with the 2.0t . saw the `` check engine light '' after a severe temp swing but several key starts apparently reset it before the dealer 
is car , it just puts a huge smile on my face everytime i take a turn or press the accelerator . engine , dsg , looks , hatch . great , great car.tired of the stiff ride in my crossfire , i needed a b
s function with fun . i 've had my a3 for about a month and could n't be more happy . the 200 hp engine and dsg live up too the hype , and man , does it fly . the interior is spacious , comfortable , 
None
