Displaying 13 of 13 matches:
onts are worn a good bit . there are no rattles and the s-tronic transmission works very well . handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and weight , about 20mpg in mixed 
ity and look of the a3 . i drove the 2.0 turbo and i feel the v6 is considerably better.power , handling , rear space for hauling , seat comfort , exterior design and overall looks . very fun to use t
 for parking in crowded seattle is a blessing . the acceleration performance is wonderful , and handling is very good but not great . the practicality is what i wanted . i finally was convinced that i
ngine runs great , not too much electronic garbage , good gas mileage , great cargo room , good handling , exceptional performance , impressive cruise control , overall a great value for the money , s
ing is a bit light for my tastes ( the rx-8 's was perfect , so maybe i am just spoiled ) , but handling , acceleration , power and shifting are all top notch . the open sky package was not one i want
 an a8 , but still keeping my a3 ! love the dsg , nice torque on the 2.0t and the fine balanced handling . the quality throughout is exceptional.i wanted a 4-door hatchback for flexibility but did n't
d on which i atribute to the tires and stiff sport suspension . the ride is very good given the handling abilities of the car . the fit and finish is first in its class.have only had this car for a we
ver owned manuals - this is better ! ) , interior plastics and overall build quality , stereo , handling like a freakin ' slot car ! , 2.0t in sport mode - much less turbo lag than standard auto , ope
ar just wants to go , and has almost undetectable shift lag . put that together with the supreb handling , unparalleled audi cabin , and high fit and finish overall , and you have one sweet little rid
s outstanding . you just point it in the direction you want it to go and it goes with precision handling , dry or wet surface . and sport mode brings the car to another level . i am a big fan of a goo
? t wait for an s3 or an sr3 , hoping it will come out.smooth euro sports car styling . awesome handling . full time all wheel drive a big big plus.like others , i got rid of my suv but still wanted a
lls this my mid-life crisis car but she looks pretty hot driving it herself . open sky system . handling and acceleration . wide temperature range on heated seats . red interior lighting at night . bo
n combo , with dsg paddles ( my first automatic ever ) . beautiful interior , typical of audi . handling beats the tt ( at least my early model . ) stand-up-and-shout brilliant red color . great tacti
None
