Displaying 20 of 20 matches:
d to achieve a smooth getaway . the brakes are excellent . overall , i 'm very pleased with the interior quality and look of the a3 . i drove the 2.0 turbo and i feel the v6 is considerably better.pow
nsive auto experience ... i purchased the premium package with the white exterior and dark grey interior . this is a good looking car , but i have had so many problems with it . exteriorly , the trim 
the more premium features of the audi , and i prefer its exterior design.auto trans. , engine , interior , features , build and fit quality , safety features , exterior size , what a huge glove box on
 and the wipers clear without clatter or skipping . get up and go . well designed , comfortable interior . ipod interface good . roomy but small . i have had my a3 for over a month and absolutley love
eat engine/transmission . great acceleration . ride is solid and tight . steering feels great . interior design is excellent . sound system is great . like a video game on the highway ; quick downshif
sg , but it 's more manual transmission than automatic and i do n't miss the stick at all . the interior quality is outstanding , the seats are not as comfortable as the a4 , but still fine for daily 
 the back without the seats being folded down , but there is a ton of rear passenger leg room . interior design , air vents , rear seats.it 's light , powerful , precise , well-balanced and stops well
the difference between awd the fwd in cornering . better ( subjective ) engine tone than 2.0t . interior build quality and materials are incredible and comfortable on long drives.i bought my audi abou
 speeds and this car has n't broken a sweat . combine this competence with a basic but flawless interior , a great stereo , very good gas mileage and totally solid build quality and i just ca n't see 
eriously considering another audi ! dsg ( i have only ever owned manuals - this is better ! ) , interior plastics and overall build quality , stereo , handling like a freakin ' slot car ! , 2.0t in sp
 a recent ice storm and came through with flying colors . i would n't hesitate to buy another . interior fit and finish , turbo engine , handling.my daily commute is 152 miles a day . its a little noi
ve car and is very , very fun to drive . rear cup holders are useless and frail . otherwise the interior is very thoughtfully organized . needs mp3 aux . input in base stereo . excellent paint and fin
fully organized . needs mp3 aux . input in base stereo . excellent paint and finish . excellent interior materials , though the side seat bolsters are vinyl in leather equiped cars . very nice sport s
lf . open sky system . handling and acceleration . wide temperature range on heated seats . red interior lighting at night . bought the car with dsg , premium and open sky . red exterior , black inter
erior lighting at night . bought the car with dsg , premium and open sky . red exterior , black interior . the car looks hot , people stare at it all the time . great performance , great pickup . the 
ntastic . from `` drive '' to paddle shifters , it makes magic on the a3 . got ta love the audi interior quality and ergonomics ; standard stereo is just fine and the trip computer keeps track.a great
't be more happy . the 200 hp engine and dsg live up too the hype , and man , does it fly . the interior is spacious , comfortable , with a clean design . we searched most entry-level luxury sedans bu
ootprint , ideal for city driving and parking.6 speed dsg transmission , paddle shifting , nice interior design and form function . 5th door offers lots of storage opportunity . third audi , coming on
t attitude.engine/transmission combo , with dsg paddles ( my first automatic ever ) . beautiful interior , typical of audi . handling beats the tt ( at least my early model . ) stand-up-and-shout bril
at least my early model . ) stand-up-and-shout brilliant red color . great tactile sense in the interior design . my insurance company thinks it 's a four-cylinder wagon ! this is my forth audi , thro
None
