Displaying 12 of 12 matches:
c transmission works very well . handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and weight , about 20mpg in mixed winter driving . the a3 tends to be very touchy when accelerat
- but it is the worst design i have seen in 30 years of buying cars . lighter than the a4 , same power ( v6 ) , smaller , and about 10mpg worse than the a4 - blows my mind . we wo n't touch audi agai
 tastes ( the rx-8 's was perfect , so maybe i am just spoiled ) , but handling , acceleration , power and shifting are all top notch . the open sky package was not one i wanted , but i now find it a
 a bit bigger than i wanted . the audi is an awesome car . so much fun . some folks say that the power gain in the 3.2 is n't worth the increased price . my feeling ( having driven both ) is that the
 increased price . my feeling ( having driven both ) is that the 3.2 provides a much more steady power ( no lag ) and is better suited to the awd . i felt the same way when i chose my vw gti vr6 over
the awd . i felt the same way when i chose my vw gti vr6 over the 1.8t a few years back . steady power from the very low rpms . beyond that , the build quality is great , the nav system is awesome , 
ed the scales . this car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic . engine has great power , and the car handles like a dream . the traction control was put to the test during a recent ic
ission , transmission , transmission.torque steer is nearly absent , dive/squat is absent . nice power , but could probably use another 30hp . good pulling power down low for a turbo . turbo lag is a
 absent , dive/squat is absent . nice power , but could probably use another 30hp . good pulling power down low for a turbo . turbo lag is absent . dsg needs to be revised so that it holds the gear a
looks . then i drove it , wow ! ! ! no other car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot . the transmission is outstanding . you just point it in the direction you want it to go
t and the test drive was great . the car is amazing . look out ! in first the tires squeal . the power ( and efficiency ) of the 4 cyl is amazing . the dsg is a great fun . once driving , a guy in a 
 and get this . you 'll be glad you did . do n't let anyone call it a `` wagon '' . nav system . power . style ( inside and out ) . test drove honda , subaru outback , mazda cx 7. drove the a3 and kn
None
