Displaying 14 of 14 matches:
s get the job done but the fronts are worn a good bit . there are no rattles and the s-tronic transmission works very well . handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and w
 seat comfort , exterior design and overall looks . very fun to use the paddle shifting and s transmission mode . a3 sounds great under hard acceleration and yet is quiet when cruising . great stereo.
o replace the fronts under 20000 and the rear 25000. now i am having engine problems with the transmission . recommendation : do n't purchase this vehicle ! also very noisy while driving past 60 mph e
in the city , i could n't be happier with my choice . beware of the clutch take up on the dsg transmission . it is set agressively . dsg tranny is great for urban driving . more fun than a traditional
really could not be that fun to drive , or perform well . i was wrong . the 2.0t with the dsg transmission and the s-line package is a blast to drive . the steering is a bit light for my tastes ( the 
mplex and maybe the seats could be a hair more comfortable . fuel economy is great though.dsg transmission , open sky , exterior design , good gas mileage ( without sacrificing the fun to drive factor
 to buy it . i thought i 'd miss the manual tranny by getting the dsg , but it 's more manual transmission than automatic and i do n't miss the stick at all . the interior quality is outstanding , the
go bigger but at 5'11 '' i fit just fine . totally recommend this car.the paddle shifting and transmission . great a/c . this fall will be two years in my a3 and this car is the best small car i have 
 75 mph and the car stayed glued to the road . front wheel drive handles well in the snow.dsg transmission and excellent fuel economy.after 6 months and various trips and weather conditions the dsg a3
at it , but why bother ? it runs circles around most cars on the road as it is.transmission , transmission , transmission.torque steer is nearly absent , dive/squat is absent . nice power , but could 
 , wow ! ! ! no other car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot . the transmission is outstanding . you just point it in the direction you want it to go and it goes with precis
ce . and sport mode brings the car to another level . i am a big fan of a good 6 speed manual transmission , until i drove this car in sports mode . everything a manual transmission does without the h
ood 6 speed manual transmission , until i drove this car in sports mode . everything a manual transmission does without the human error . perfection . i can ? t wait for an s3 or an sr3 , hoping it wi
side , but the car has a ver small footprint , ideal for city driving and parking.6 speed dsg transmission , paddle shifting , nice interior design and form function . 5th door offers lots of storage 
None
