Displaying 17 of 17 matches:
 the way the car handles the road . the nav sys needs to be updated , but other than that , the interior of the vehicle is first rate . b & o audio system.this is my 3rd audi and to say that i am sold
eration - it can be a bit jerky . if you have n't driven one - do it ! front end , lights , and interior - meteor grey with brown ball glove leather - what a combothis car is incredible . you can not 
s and uniqueness , a classic . people are just drawn to its stunning design . the sheet metal , interior fit & finish ( of course ! ... it 's an audi ) , 500 watt sound system , the pride of ownership
ble , the running lights are amazing , the exterior design is nothing short of superb , and the interior is both roomy and driver friendly . i could not be without the backup camera due to neck surger
ar-view mirrors . the stance from the rear is elegant yet very strong with the 255 wide tires ! interior is simply first class for me . my first leather interior . i love this car.led drl 's ! the who
 very strong with the 255 wide tires ! interior is simply first class for me . my first leather interior . i love this car.led drl 's ! the whole body shape . milano leather all electric seats . mmi .
than the pictures . walter de silva ( designer ) was right when he says a5 is his best design . interior design is peerless , controls perfect and intuitive , fit and finish defines fit and finish . a
t is now . audi 's made me a fan for life.the entire car design . the engine and handling . the interior . the high gas mileage for the neck snapping performance . would love an s5 but not for the com
ake . it 's got a gorgeous body shape ( kudos to walter de'silva ) , perfect watchmaker-quality interior , and is oh-so-fun to drive . it 's not a barnburner like the s5 , but it 's more than adequate
who like to blend in the crowd and follow the status quo , then go buy a boring bmw ( with crap interior and total crap stereo/tech ) . this a5 is for me ! amazing b & o stereo , interior appointments
 ( with crap interior and total crap stereo/tech ) . this a5 is for me ! amazing b & o stereo , interior appointments and quality , ride quality ( except for small road bumps ) . of course , the led d
rst car i 've ever been excited to own and to drive . the exterior design is breathtaking , the interior quality is phenomenal . if you 're looking to have adults ride in the back seat , this is n't t
ge , overly large for its class . exterior styling ( headlights are fantastic and beautiful ) , interior build quality , bluetooth and ipod integration , navigation , handling and braking.i 've owned 
 own , you know what i mean . thanks audi ! off the line acceleration for a six is impressive . interior and exterior design . my son put it best `` there is n't anything about this car i do n't like 
voice activation not live on the a5 . overall , great blend of luxury and sporty ride . quality interior , styling , technology , rise ( acceleration and quiet ) .with fuel prices the way they are , i
the dealer had an a5 with an audi factory installed s5 option ( cosmetic kit ) so i have s-line interior trim , upgraded 19 '' wheels ( that i like better than the `` s '' ) and claimed mileage up to 
udi is the company that got me interested in automobiles which i never thought would happen.the interior is the most comfortable of any mass produced vehicles in the world period ! i have owned everyt
None
