Displaying 21 of 21 matches:
d security when you are behind the wheel , reliability.i just spent almost $ 2000 to replace the brakes & rotors and the tires on my audi q7 , which is only two years old and has only 18,000 miles on 
replacements at 18k . i 'm a middle aged housewife -- not a teenage speed racer who slams on the brakes ; i 'm more like driving miss daisy . after reading many reviews , i have found out that many ot
w mechanism broken on both front windows -molding coming off -headlights fogged from inside -bad brakes . be aware ... the blue-book price has drastically decreased fifty percent . overall , don ? t b
gful price-incentive at purchase , discount ca n't make up for poor quality and ongoing issues . brakes and tires needed replacing at ~25k mi in response to which dealer congratulated me for outlastin
y were pathetic in snow/ice - seems insane for an awd suv ) but had to stick with same ( lousy ) brakes due to some proprietary sensors ( anyone test this theory ? ) . sunroof rattles , steering wheel
ighway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( with new tires ) very nice looking car but brakes have been squealing since the day i bought it . resurfaced twice . at 15k service told me i need
een squealing since the day i bought it . resurfaced twice . at 15k service told me i needed new brakes at the cost of $ 2k . said they changed the warranty on brakes to 12k miles and i see why now . 
 15k service told me i needed new brakes at the cost of $ 2k . said they changed the warranty on brakes to 12k miles and i see why now . neither audi nor dealership were helpful just basically said ``
 said `` sorry '' . from what i understand there have been many brake problems in this vehicle . brakes still squeal . terrible customer service from audi headquarters and dealership and obviously do 
disappointed in the reliability and quality of the q7 . i have only 28,000 miles on this car and brakes are already going . the tires also need to be replaced . i have never owned a vehicle where the 
 are already going . the tires also need to be replaced . i have never owned a vehicle where the brakes and tires went bad at such low mileage . the engine sounds like it is struggling all of the time
ts about 14/gal ) . great handling on snow/ice in the mountains of colorado . had to replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at the tune of $ 1200 . dealer said this was a common problem on this car 
eplaced for $ 1200 . then at 28000 miles the brake warning light came on , $ 1700 to replace the brakes and rotors . there was a leak in the sunroof and mold started to grow on the drivers side carpet
re you kidding me ? i paid $ 65,000 to drive a grand prix ? needed new tires already , squeeking brakes , nav , mmi , heated steering wheel , rear camera , keyless start upbought the top of the line m
ht the top of the line model fully loaded and a year later it has proven to be a piece of junk ! brakes squealing since 5k and audi is telling us `` it is normal and acceptable - just due to the desig
 exit seat , miss both of those . overall well satisfied.mmi system , full sunroof , bluetooth , brakes , quietness . side assist , backup camera.great build quality , this is a really solid vehicle f
 firm suspension is just right ; transmission is a dream - you forget you have gears ; excellent brakes - no unreasonable nose dive under hard braking . comfort : panoramic sunroof ; bose audio ; floo
eally works - i felt very safe descending a steep , winding , icy road without having to use the brakes . while the purchase price is high , i feel it is worth it . i actually look for reasons to driv
 test drive i fell in love with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best suvs i have ever driven . during 
ehicle handles more like a sports car but on a much larger scale . it will get up and go and the brakes will bring you down in a hurry not to mention a super smooth ride . adaptive air suspension real
es like a sports car , or at least better than my previous infiniti fx , and the fx is smaller . brakes are powerful . luxury features are everywhere . engine sounds sweet and it 's powerful . mmi sys
None
