Displaying 15 of 15 matches:
                                                                                                 engine , mmi system , tires etc have all been faultless . the car is extremely comfortable and surprisi
turns when a full stop is not required . the accelerator must be pumped several times before the engine responds . dangerous at times so i 've learned to adapt to the quirk . audi has looked at the ca
 am absolutely outraged with the quality of this car . i only have 19,000 miles and i need a new engine . how ridiculous is that ! this vehicle has had many faults . one example is that emergency brak
ced . i have never owned a vehicle where the brakes and tires went bad at such low mileage . the engine sounds like it is struggling all of the time and is sounding more and more like a pick-up truck 
ast experience . have had for 1.5 years and seems like there is always some little thing wrong . engine is great , great on snow . if i had it to do over again i would get the gl 450 or 550. the acura
en working ) finally plunked down the cash for a german driving machine . great handling , solid engine , but what a disappointment on the rest . from a jerky transmission ( no trouble found of course
sion , keyless entry and start , s-line `` macho '' look with slight flares on wheel arches , v8 engine sound , bluetooth phone operation.i think this is the most well built and value packed suv on th
 edges it out ever so slightly . the navigator was nice but it lacks that european road feel.the engine performace and exhaust note on acceleration , multi media interface , body styling and my ipod i
ummer ) is a bmw 645 cic . i 'm averaging 15 mpg over 4,000 miles . i can just begin to feel the engine opening up . adaptive cruise control is truly unbelievable . makes my daily commute in stop and 
or , the q7 was a wonderful change . it handles like a sports car ; seats are very comfortable ; engine and ride are extremely quiet and smooth ; luxury features such as mmi , bluetooth , rear camera 
e.so far i am really happy . this car/suv is fun and sporty but drives like a luxury sedan . the engine growls but not too loud . i drove the 4.2 ( not much more money than a loaded 3.6 ) and felt the
d inside and out . but unfortunately i had the car less than two weeks and 500 miles , car check engine light came on and the car started to choke and transmission started to stall and oil light came 
.acceleration , cornering , grabbing the roadjust got a fully loaded q7 . drives very smoothly . engine sounds great in sports mode . super comfortable and beautiful interior . if you 're into technol
e and beautiful interior . if you 're into technology - the mmi is great.smooth servo steering , engine sound , interior , mmi with integrated cell/bluetooth/sirius/nav.got the q7 about 3 months ago ,
ous infiniti fx , and the fx is smaller . brakes are powerful . luxury features are everywhere . engine sounds sweet and it 's powerful . mmi system is very logical and easy to use . i ca n't wait to 
None
