Displaying 18 of 18 matches:
have a great turning radius for this size of car . mileage stinks ( gets about 14/gal ) . great handling on snow/ice in the mountains of colorado . had to replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at t
ould really be a recall issue but i 'm sure audi wo n't step up to the problem.turning radius , handling , room.i traded in a lemon 2002 a6 in for the q7 . within 2 months of the q7 purchase , the win
ound system ( when working ) finally plunked down the cash for a german driving machine . great handling , solid engine , but what a disappointment on the rest . from a jerky transmission ( no trouble
echnology , bluetooth , iphone interface and sexy look.my audi q7 has been the nicest drive for handling , comfort and acceleration ! but the electronics have failed since about 3 weeks after i brough
 a dream on the highway . the quattro awd is the best i have driven for the size of vehicle the handling is nimble.handling and safety features . the technology package is outstanding.i love the suv .
 fast you are going . options can make the car a little pricey . but you pay for what you get . handling , interior , styling , options , over all driving experience.my first audi and i must say i am 
 great cars from audi . but this was the best surprise . it is a fantastic ride . the comfort , handling and power ( from a 6 cyl ) is outstanding . this is the best vehicle in its class . comfort.i h
 it to arrive but it was worth every minute . i agree with most of the other reviews here . the handling is what i am most impressed with . just does not feel like i am driving a large suv . steering 
 and 2000 miles of driving , i have yet to see another one on the road . i just love that ! ! ! handling , interior comfort , gadgets . did n't think i would need it , but the backup camera really com
 . it 's also easy to see the road in the q7 unlike some other large suvs.great styling , sport handling , satellite radio , bluetooth , nav system , extended moonroof , two rows of heated seats , opt
a with park assist , bluetooth , panorama sunroof , and the visual fx of the mmi screen.perfect handling , - feels like a sports car . 0-60 in just 7s . car itself does n't feel like a big car . first
 but after test drive i fell in love with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best suvs i have ever driven
 my first test drive i did n't know what to expect but i was shocked . very comfortable , great handling , nice power ( v8 ) and full of features . you will not be disappointed.everything.had to wait 
, bluetooth , rearview camera , huge sunroof.well , so far the q7 has met my expectations . the handling is smooth , precise and powerful . found out that my q7 has no air conditioner for the two seat
s powerful . mmi system is very logical and easy to use . i ca n't wait to take it skiing ! 1 . handling 2. style 3. featuresi bought my audi q7 to replace my honda pilot . i needed the extra towing c
ble , quite and well thoughout . the controls are all first rate and the car 's performance and handling are top notch . the mileage is averaging about 16.3 mpg in mixed driving . if you select the sp
or a luxury and sporty suv with room for friends is challenging . audi did it ! not only is the handling fantastic but with the air suspension upgrade , the ride is so smooth . the features for the dr
e mileage after driving an a4 , but the visibility sitting up higher made up for that , and the handling kept has all you expect in german sportinesshandling , all wheel drive and awesome brakingsimpl
None
