Displaying 21 of 21 matches:
r old chevy pick-up . dealer happy to keep trying to fix but sick of driving a4 loaners.- large interior - interior look & feel - great on the highway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( wi
 pick-up . dealer happy to keep trying to fix but sick of driving a4 loaners.- large interior - interior look & feel - great on the highway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( with new tire
a new suv driver and the q7 seemed like a lot of vehicle for me then . i love the q7 , from the interior and exterior foot lights to the powerful but smooth styling . build quality is exceptional , su
 is a beautiful car . i get many people peeking through the windows trying to see the wonderful interior . i also get many compliments on how it looks everytime i go gas it or go to school . i got the
 just outstanding and in line with the audi reliability for building world class vehicles . the interior fit and finish are first class , and if you fold down the third row you have incredible storage
y , this is a really solid vehicle from the heavy feel of the doors to the look and feel of the interior . this is my 4th audi in a row but first suv so i really looked at all the options . i think th
. acceleration and fuel economy is pretty good considering the vehicle 's size and weight . the interior is impeccable . everything fits together and the materials are high quality . the three panel s
ated seats in the front row and back row , four zone climate control , mmi system , extravagant interior , and safety . ca n't wait for the diesel version to come out . it 's supposed to get pretty go
re going . options can make the car a little pricey . but you pay for what you get . handling , interior , styling , options , over all driving experience.my first audi and i must say i am very impres
he new s5 to my stable . driving this 4.2 s-line makes me feel like a very lucky guy.i love the interior and the ergonomics . the whole package is the best of the best and i 've looked at them all.thi
tably . no problem in terms of accelerating up hills or moving getting around slower vehicles . interior is one of the finest i have been in with everything laid out nicely and easily reached . the mm
cost of filling the tank.handles great especially with the light snow/ice we have been having . interior is pleasing . car is quiet even at high speeds . giant sunroof adds so much light for those of 
le in my car and we took a long trip together , and they all complained that it shook them up . interior design/exterior design : in overall it ? s done really well , except for the fact that in the b
iles of driving , i have yet to see another one on the road . i just love that ! ! ! handling , interior comfort , gadgets . did n't think i would need it , but the backup camera really comes in handy
e s-line it felt a bit doggie , maybe the suspension or tires ? i love the look and feel of the interior and all the bells and whistles especially the keyless entry no more digging in my purse ! the m
with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best suvs i have ever driven . during my first test drive i did n
o mention a super smooth ride . adaptive air suspension really makes a difference as well . the interior is very sporty but also luxurious . the premium leather is definite quality . there is nothing 
7 . drives very smoothly . engine sounds great in sports mode . super comfortable and beautiful interior . if you 're into technology - the mmi is great.smooth servo steering , engine sound , interior
interior . if you 're into technology - the mmi is great.smooth servo steering , engine sound , interior , mmi with integrated cell/bluetooth/sirius/nav.got the q7 about 3 months ago , and love it sin
 the automatic tailgate with the one touch closure . the dash layout is great as is the overall interior design ... feels elegant without being over the top.handles like a sports car , or at least bet
t important , driving this big suv feels like driving a sedan , not a truck at all . i love the interior , fit and finish , high quality materials with real wood and stainless steel and the exterior d
None
