Displaying 12 of 12 matches:
se , the windshield wipers collided during a bad rainstorm on the highway . after 5000 miles the power lift gate stopped working and the back seat would n't lock into place . after 19000 miles , the 
 , 4-zone climate , navigation system , premium bose stereo , adjusting bi-xenon headlamps , and power liftgate.purchased 3.6 premium . i love this car ! handles and performs like a sports sedan even
 a pinch , it works out fine . with the third row folded , the trunk is extremely spacious ; the power liftgate helps a lot.three panel sunroof , heated seats in the front row and back row , four zon
 the northeast.nothing really to gripe about . excellent ride , real tight , no rattles . plenty power and torque . all the bells and whistles . i like it . the styling is growing on me.back up camer
from audi . but this was the best surprise . it is a fantastic ride . the comfort , handling and power ( from a 6 cyl ) is outstanding . this is the best vehicle in its class . comfort.i have had my 
hang of it you will find its usefulness . we have rear climate control , the bose sound system , power tailgate , bluetooth , 3rd row seating , and of course the mmi ( navi ) among few of the feature
must ! love all the controls since i 'm a parent and need to control some rear functions and the power tailgate is a must for all parents.we ordered our s-line q7 in august ... well worth the wait ! 
experience is everything we expected and more . the motor sounds authoritative and has plenty of power . seating is comfortable with plenty of head room for the tall ones . third row seat is designat
 god it is too big , but after test drive i fell in love with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best su
drive i did n't know what to expect but i was shocked . very comfortable , great handling , nice power ( v8 ) and full of features . you will not be disappointed.everything.had to wait 4 months to ge
 start/entry.blue tooththe audi q7 4.2 is a drivers car . it feels just like an audi sedan . the power is impressive as well as the fit and finish . do n't expect too much in the way of mileage , but
pect . the car is heavy but feels really light and nimble . it 's exceeded all my expectations . power and driving dynamics.quattro-the most trustable all wheel drive system 350 hp with 325 torque gi
None
