Displaying 10 of 10 matches:
                                                                                                 engine always feels 'on boil ' and the transmission gearing matches the power band perfectly . great no
                                                                                                 engine and exhaust note filling the cabin . still gets a lot of looks even though the b8 body style is 
looks even though the b8 body style is out . i 'll be keeping this one for a long time to come . engine , acceleration , exhaust note , brakes , exterior appearance.this is one of the best cars out th
e output . the brakes are mediocre and really upset the balance of the car on hard braking . the engine note is horrible . on acceleration the engine makes an excruciatingly high pitched whining nose 
upset the balance of the car on hard braking . the engine note is horrible . on acceleration the engine makes an excruciatingly high pitched whining nose with no corresponding feeling of acceleration 
s mode and it gets scary . the suspension tightens and it sounds like you have a whole different engine in the car . the torque really shows its face when going uphill on the freeway . it just acceler
 smiles to my face after four years . the rs4 , however , really is a very different beast . the engine has a very distinctive character . not only is the sound phenomenal but it just simply has more 
ave the titanium package which removes some of the differentiating features compared to the a4 . engine is phenomenal as above with a great sound . usual audi quality interior . four season capability
llent , comfort great , back seat is comfortable also but leg room in rear could be a bit more . engine is amazing , beautiful carbon under the hood and sounds great . much more engaging than the new 
ld even be better . ca n't wait.sound of exhaust . they hit it right . short throw stick great , engine torch , just wants to keep going . handling is great . all smiles fun factor guaranteed .
None
