2007_audi_a3 - [{'date': '08/17/2009', 'text': "We got the A3 because it was fun to drive and was a luxury wagon. Last week my husband was stopped in traffic on the highway and was rear ended by a Dodge Caravan going 50-60 MPH. The A3 is a total loss with over 19,000 in visual damage alone. The safety features in this car can't be beat, while my husband has some injuries he was able to walk away from a serious multi-vehicle accident.", 'favorite': 'Bluetooth, paddle shifters, crumple zones, sound system. Lovely interior.'}, {'date': '02/09/2009', 'text': "I bought this A3 with 7000 miles and it displayed very little wear. After driving it for a month in icy and snowy conditions I am very impressed. The stock all season tires get the job done but the fronts are worn a good bit. There are no rattles and the s-tronic transmission works very well. Handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and weight, about 20mpg in mixed winter driving. The A3 tends to be very touchy when accelerating from a stop, it's jerky and hard to achieve a smooth getaway. The brakes are excellent. Overall, I'm very pleased with the interior quality and look of the A3. I drove the 2.0 turbo and I feel the V6 is considerably better.", 'favorite': 'Power, handling, rear space for hauling, seat comfort, exterior design and overall looks. Very fun to use the paddle shifting and S transmission mode. A3 sounds great under hard acceleration and yet is quiet when cruising. Great stereo.'}, {'date': '02/07/2009', 'text': "Have an A4, love it, decided to get an A3. Worse mileage than our truck, turns 3000 RPMs at highway speed, can't even make 10MPH in 1st gear. TERRIBLE design point. We've contacted Audi, they blame everyone else (dealer, etc) - but it is the worst design I have seen in 30 years of buying cars. Lighter than the A4, same power (V6), smaller, and about 10MPG worse than the A4 - blows my mind. We won't touch Audi again - due to Audi USA refusing to discuss, acknowledge, suggest fixes (ie, different gear ratio in the differentials). By the way, I'm an engineer, have extensive auto experience...", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '01/13/2009', 'text': "I purchased the premium package with the white exterior and dark grey interior. This is a good looking car, BUT I have had so many problems with it. Exteriorly, the trim on the sky system keeps on popping off. I had to bring my vehicle in 4 times to get this fixed. The Pirelli tires that come stock are terrible! I had to replace the fronts under 20000 and the rear 25000. Now I am having engine problems with the transmission. Recommendation: don't purchase this vehicle! Also very noisy while driving past 60 mph especially if you get the roof racks, which are also junk. Mine broke the first week I got them. ", 'favorite': 'Fun car to drive.'}, {'date': '12/16/2008', 'text': "The car seems pricey for an A3 sized chassis, but the car seats everyone comfortably. The hatchback also can fit a lot. I bought a big grill at Home Depot and the sales associate looked at me like I was crazy for thinking the grill in its box would fit in my car. It did. Hatchback closed. The car accelerates and handles great. I do seem to go through tires a bit, and I've been told that by mechanics that the A3 does seem to chew up the front three tires faster than normal.", 'favorite': 'Sound system is great. Love how quickly the car shifts in automatic.'}, {'date': '08/31/2008', 'text': "It has been very reliable. There are none of the squeaks or rattles identified in other reviews. It brakes confidently. Steering is wonderful and acceleration makes it plenty quick without being stupid fast. What the reviews don't tell you is that this is the ultimate city car. Compact, practical, quick and stylish. Yet it will pour itself done a twisty back road with verve. It's only weakness is touring on US freeways. For that you need something heavier with a longer wheel base. But since 90% of my driving is in the city, I couldn't be happier with my choice. Beware of the clutch take up on the DSG transmission. It is set agressively. ", 'favorite': 'DSG tranny is great for urban driving. More fun than a traditional automatic, less work than a clutch. Handy hill hold feature. Sky roof gives a cool vibe and lots of fresh air. Love it. Great motor, steering, brakes. You know, the stuff that counts. Impeccable Audi style inside and out.'}, {'date': '06/27/2008', 'text': "This is a great, versatile car. It offers a fun to drive, economical vehicle that can also hull a large amount of equipment, especially with the rear seats folded down. I don't think any other car on the market has all of this. I purchased the S-line with just about every option available. I can't imagine living without rain sensing wipers now. Which leads to my dilemma. I will have to replace this car before the warranty runs out. I have had three major issues with the vehicle with a total down time of well over a month, and this within the first year of ownership. I hate to say it, but I cannot recommend this car based on its poor reliability.", 'favorite': 'Can haul a lot more stuff than my Lotus Elise, and although not near the performer as the Elise, still pretty fun to drive. Also, gets great gas mileage for the performance given. '}, {'date': '12/22/2007', 'text': 'I love this car. I have approximately 6000 miles on it. I like the feel of the car - very nicely done - and the pick up, but the engine noise is a bit loud. The manual says to shift earlier - right. I am a bit disappointed about having to choose between the Ipod plug or Sirius. For this kind of money you would think they could figure out how to include both options together. I really love the sun roof and moon roof. The drive is smooth and the seats are comfortable. I drove everything from the Fit to the A3 and by far this was the best car if you are looking for a hatchback. The only problem I have had was a bad sensor in the fuel tank set off the engine light, but it was fixed.', 'favorite': 'Steering wheel dials for radio; armrest in backseat; dual sun roof and moon roof; smooth drive; feel of the car'}, {'date': '12/14/2007', 'text': "I bought my A3 because I wanted a vehicle with smaller dimensions than my '98 Passat, but I wanted many of the qualities I enjoyed in the VW that I didn't find in Japanese or American vehicles. The dimensions for parking in crowded Seattle is a blessing. The acceleration performance is wonderful, and handling is very good but not great. The practicality is what I wanted. I finally was convinced that it made sense to now own an auto trans mainly because of the excellent 6-spd. twin clutch auto. I realize I could have purchased a VW Rabbit/Golf GTI with many of the same qualities and features for far less, but I wanted the more premium features of the Audi, and I prefer its exterior design.", 'favorite': "Auto trans., engine, interior, features, build and fit quality, safety features, exterior size, what a huge glove box on such a small car, and that's with the 5-disc CD system included."}, {'date': '10/13/2007', 'text': "The A3 is delightfully deceptive, looking small on the outside but airy and roomy inside and appearing underpowered by a 2 liter engine but providing more get up and go than many larger engines. In addition, it's beautifully assembled and it handles like a true sport. Fuel efficiency is good, averaging 29 mpg. The iPod interface works well, the sound system is super, the steering responsive and sure, and the wipers clear without clatter or skipping. ", 'favorite': 'Get up and go. Well designed, comfortable interior. IPod interface good. Roomy but small. '}, {'date': '10/11/2007', 'text': "I have had my A3 for over a month and absolutley love it. The only option I wanted and got is the Open Sky System, which has worked pretty much flawlessly. I've been averaging between 29 and 30 miles per gallon (highest slightly over 32, lowest slightly over 26). Runs fine on 89 octane and hasn't required the addition of any oil. Cargo room seems endless (I can fit two large laundry baskets behind the rear seats without having to fold them down). I have noticed an occasional light rattle in the driver's side A-pillar, and, when approaching speeds of 80 mph, a humming noise from the passenger side of the front sunroof. Also, parking brake is obstructed when front armrest is down. ", 'favorite': 'Open Sky System, 6-Speed manual shifts excellently, 2.0T engine runs great, not too much electronic garbage, good gas mileage, great cargo room, good handling, exceptional performance, impressive cruise control, overall a great value for the money, superior build quality, excellent front cupholders.'}, {'date': '10/03/2007', 'text': "Finally got rid of my SUV for this joy. Drove it on 1200-mile (both ways) trips and seats were comfortable enough not to have to stop every 2 hours, fuel economy was impressive, and you feel like you are glued to the road at highway speeds. Trunk space leaves a little to be desired since you can't even fit golf clubs back there without folding the seats down. Great car though. Wish you could get the options offered on the web at the dealerships without having to buy the entire packages.", 'favorite': 'Performance, fuel economy, styling, auto up/down windows, key fob, looks I get on the road while driving.'}, {'date': '08/19/2007', 'text': 'Coming off a zippy Mazda RX-8 sportscar, I really was dreading switching to the A3. I thought that a "wagon" really could not be that fun to drive, or perform well. I was wrong. The 2.0T with the DSG transmission and the S-line package is a blast to drive. The steering is a bit light for my tastes (the RX-8\'s was perfect, so maybe I am just spoiled), but handling, acceleration, power and shifting are all top notch. The Open Sky package was not one I wanted, but I now find it a great way to make the driving experience more enjoyable. The only gripes I have are the control system is a bit too complex and maybe the seats could be a hair more comfortable. Fuel economy is great though.', 'favorite': 'DSG transmission, Open Sky, exterior design, good gas mileage (without sacrificing the fun to drive factor).'}, {'date': '08/04/2007', 'text': 'Car has open sky, premium, illumination and cold weather package. A blast to drive. Great engine/transmission. Great acceleration. Ride is solid and tight. Steering feels great. Interior design is excellent. Sound system is great. Like a video game on the highway; quick downshift (not that you have to) and 80 becomes 100 in a blink. ', 'favorite': 'Engine/transmission: Shifts faster than any one I know with absolutely no jerk. Speakers in rear doors: find myself looking in the back seat for the band. Illumination package is excellent.'}, {'date': '07/26/2007', 'text': "I upgraded from a very unreliable, but fun to drive, manual, VW Jetta 1.8T. I was nervous about staying in the VW brand but the second I drove the A3, I knew I had to buy it. I thought I'd miss the manual tranny by getting the DSG, but it's more manual transmission than automatic and I don't miss the stick at all. The interior quality is outstanding, the seats are not as comfortable as the A4, but still fine for daily driving. The Open Sky system is a splurge, probably not worth the 1100 MSRP sticker price, but I couldn't imaging the car without it. Golf Clubs don't fit in the back without the seats being folded down, but there is a ton of rear passenger leg room. ", 'favorite': 'Interior design, air vents, rear seats.'}, {'date': '07/19/2007', 'text': "It's light, powerful, precise, well-balanced and stops well. Great mileage in Drive mode, wildly fun on mountain roads in Sport mode. Bluetooth and see-around-corners lights and seat heater work well. Very comfortable for driver. Premium comes with good electric seat - for the driver only. Passenger seat manually adjust with big wheel to tilt seat, like our 87 VW Cabriolet - this is a horrible method. Air conditioner works fine on first trip. If restarted when warm, air wants to freeze you, so it ceases to be automatic. Bose stereo is great, but CD changer is very hard to reach and ther is no iPod input! And no workaround except FM transmitter, which is not good in saturated FM market.", 'favorite': 'Transmission, suspension, turbo, brakes, visibility, steering wheel controls, gas mileage. Acceleration at all speeds. Looks inside and out. Roomy back seat and trunk for the size of the vehicle. Covered truck in a hatchback. Easy to park. Trip computer. '}, {'date': '07/14/2007', 'text': 'Purchased my A3 2.0T after much research and driving the competition. I kept coming back to the A3, and so glad I did. This little vixen grows on you. The DSG, coupled with a very flat torque curve, makes acceleration so effortless that I find myself glued to the rear view mirror. I don\'t think "Audi made me do it" would stand up in court. Fit and finish is incredible. The sound system is very good (I wanted premium but settled for stock, and no complaints). I\'ve been doing the conventional break-in (vary your speed) and still averaging 27 mpg. Overall I\'d have to say this is the finest car I\'ve ever owned. If I win the lottery, I\'m going for an A8, but still keeping my A3!', 'favorite': 'Love the DSG, nice torque on the 2.0T and the fine balanced handling. The quality throughout is exceptional.'}, {'date': '07/12/2007', 'text': "I wanted a 4-door hatchback for flexibility but didn't want to compromise on performance or drive a huge wagon around. There are a lot of sedans in this price range, but the hatch and folding seats give much more utility. I settled firmly on the 2.0T after reviews and test drives, even though it lacked AWD. I drove the 3.2 solely to prevent buyer's remorse and curiosity afterwards, and that was the one I had to get. Outside the trip I took to break it in, I've put more than 2K miles on it in 3 months and that is with restraint (daily commute is <10 miles RT). It is much more fun to drive than my last car (01 Grand Prix GTP) and sometimes I drive past home and just keep going.", 'favorite': 'The DSG is incredible, though takes getting used to. The stereo also kicks. Car always feels very solid and you can tell the difference between AWD the FWD in cornering. Better (subjective) engine tone than 2.0T. Interior build quality and materials are incredible and comfortable on long drives.'}, {'date': '06/30/2007', 'text': 'I bought my Audi about 9 month ago. It is an ok car overall but very poor quality. So far, I\'ve replaced radiator, check engine light went on twice, and constantly have to add more oil to the car because "Low Oil" light goes on. These are just major problems. It is still fun to drive (when it is not in the shop) but it doesn\'t perform as new anymore. Another thing to mention is fuel economy. I though it would be an economical car. The gas mileage is great on the highway ( about 29 mpg) and is horrible in the city and stop and go traffic, where I get about 15 mpg!! Considering that you have to buy premium gas, there\'s no savings. Also, the car is very loud and noisy.', 'favorite': 'Color. Looks. Sunroof. Big wheels and tires. '}, {'date': '06/22/2007', 'text': "I drove the 3.2 All-Wheel drive but preferred the 2.0T. The 2.0T was more responsive and felt torquier down low. Impressive after coming from a VR6 GTI. I wasn't sure I could give up the MT for the DSG but after driving the car for a couple of days there was no going back to a MT for me. I drove this car back to back with a Mazdaspeed3 and with the DSG I could drive the A3 faster than the Mazda on the same course. The A3 is just too easy to drive fast with DSG. There is some road noise as others have commented on which I atribute to the tires and stiff sport suspension. The ride is very good given the handling abilities of the car. The fit and finish is first in its class.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '06/20/2007', 'text': "Have only had this car for a week, but I have already put it through its paces. I'm impressed! It handles like it is bolted to the road. I have taken twisties at insane speeds and this car hasn't broken a sweat. Combine this competence with a basic but flawless interior, a great stereo, very good gas mileage and totally solid build quality and I just can't see what Audi could've improved. They completely naile this one! If I ever get tired of driving this car, you best believe I will be seriously considering another Audi!", 'favorite': "DSG (I have only ever owned manuals - this is better!), interior plastics and overall build quality, stereo, handling like a freakin' slot car!, 2.0T in sport mode - much less turbo lag than standard auto, open sky."}, {'date': '05/28/2007', 'text': "Okay, so I just bought my new A3 3.2 AWD Quattro today after driving the Volvo S40 T5 and the Acura TL-S. The Volvo was nice, but not in the same class, and the Acura was a great car, but a bit bigger than I wanted. The Audi is an awesome car. So much fun. Some folks say that the power gain in the 3.2 isn't worth the increased price. My feeling (having driven both) is that the 3.2 provides a much more steady power (no lag) and is better suited to the AWD. I felt the same way when I chose my VW GTI VR6 over the 1.8T a few years back. Steady power from the very low RPMs. Beyond that, the build quality is great, the nav system is awesome, and I'm smiling!", 'favorite': 'Nav Plus system, 6-speed sport auto. trans., upgraded leather seats, open sky system, bluetooth phone prep, and the body kit of the S-Line. '}, {'date': '05/21/2007', 'text': "I traded an 04 R32 for the A3 and haven't been disappointed yet. It has good performance and is fun to drive fast or slow. DSG is just great. ", 'favorite': 'Flappy paddles and DSG, SD card slots, DID.'}, {'date': '05/17/2007', 'text': 'I love this car, we dumped our Touareg off and never looked back. That thing was cursed! Our A3 is a great addition to our garage, utility, and fun at the same time. If you are over 6\'3" I would go bigger but at 5\'11" I fit just fine. Totally recommend this car.', 'favorite': 'The paddle shifting and transmission. Great A/C. '}, {'date': '05/06/2007', 'text': 'This fall will be two years in my A3 and this car is the best small car I have ever owned. Great all season driver!!', 'favorite': 'Tight turning radius, very nimble, very quick, very little torque steer, usable back seat and fantastic build quality.'}, {'date': '04/04/2007', 'text': 'Since I bought my brand new car I never got more than 16 MPG, the gas cover got locked, the back of the front seat fell, it ran out of of oil more than 5 times, the 5th door froze and was impossible to open, the tires wore out - $1,000 to replace them! - the stick shift locks in the worst moments, it is so noisy inside you can not hear the radio, open the window when raining, all the water goes inside because of bad design, every time you want to open the front window, you open the rear one because of bad design. NOT WHAT YOU THINK YOU ARE BUYING - THIS IS EXPENSIVE JUNK!! ', 'favorite': 'Speed.'}, {'date': '04/03/2007', 'text': "Black on black, manual, open sky premium pkg, cold-weather pkg, purchased in December '06 after much research. The fit and finish tipped the scales. This car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic. Engine has great power, and the car handles like a dream. The traction control was put to the test during a recent ice storm and came through with flying colors. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another. ", 'favorite': 'Interior fit and finish, turbo engine, handling.'}, {'date': '04/01/2007', 'text': "My daily commute is 152 miles a day. Its a little noisy on some roadways. Overall it's a blast to drive. I was recently driving through 40 mph winds at 75 mph and the car stayed glued to the road. Front wheel drive handles well in the snow.", 'favorite': 'DSG transmission and excellent fuel economy.'}, {'date': '03/11/2007', 'text': 'After 6 months and various trips and weather conditions the DSG A3 keeps going strong. With regular DSG manual shift mode or "S" auto mode we see 24-26 MPG regularly. Unsolicited guests comment on the smooth shifts and strong acceleration. 80 MPH comes too easily on crowded highway jaunts with minimal road noise - keep an eye on the speedometer in Ohio. Snow saw the traction control readily as the wide Pirellis floated and spun. May need winter snows if really interested. Quattro would be nice with the 2.0T. Saw the "check engine light" after a severe temp swing but several key starts apparently reset it before the dealer got a shot. Near 7000 miles and no warranty returns. Fun and sporty.', 'favorite': 'DSG cannot be beat. Quick changes and great sound.'}, {'date': '02/08/2007', 'text': "As the owner of an '05 S4 Cabrio, I am a bit spoiled. When it came time to buy a winter and commuting car, I decided to test drive the A3 2.0T with DSG. Honestly, I am not sure which car is more fun to drive! The DSG is such a seamless AT that the car just wants to go, and has almost undetectable shift lag. Put that together with the supreb handling, unparalleled Audi cabin, and high fit and finish overall, and you have one sweet little ride. The hatch and knock-down back seats make it a pretty versatile car as well. My 14 year old keeps telling me about all the chips and performance equipment we could throw at it, but why bother? It runs circles around most cars on the road as it is.", 'favorite': 'Transmission, transmission, transmission.'}, {'date': '01/20/2007', 'text': "Torque steer is nearly absent, dive/squat is absent. Nice power, but could probably use another 30hp. Good pulling power down low for a turbo. Turbo lag is absent. DSG needs to be revised so that it holds the gear at redline in manual mode. Brakes are intially soft which dosen't inspire much confidence. However, the car is extremely well balanced for a front wheel drive car and is very, very fun to drive. Rear cup holders are useless and frail. Otherwise the interior is very thoughtfully organized. Needs MP3 aux. input in base stereo. ", 'favorite': 'Excellent paint and finish. Excellent interior materials, though the side seat bolsters are vinyl in leather equiped cars. Very nice sport seats.'}, {'date': '01/13/2007', 'text': 'When I first saw this car I wasn?t in the market for a new car. I was driving a GTI 2002 and was pretty happy with it until I saw the A3 and fell in love with the looks. Then I drove it, wow!!! No other car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot. The transmission is outstanding. You just point it in the direction you want it to go and it goes with precision handling, dry or wet surface. And sport mode brings the car to another level. I am a big fan of a good 6 speed manual transmission, until I drove this car in sports mode. Everything a manual transmission does without the human error. Perfection. I can?t wait for an S3 or an SR3, hoping it will come out.', 'favorite': 'Smooth euro sports car styling. Awesome handling. Full time all wheel drive a big big plus.'}, {'date': '01/08/2007', 'text': 'Like others, I got rid of my SUV but still wanted a "hauler". I have loved the A3 since I first saw it and the test drive was great. The car is amazing. Look out! In first the tires squeal. The power (and efficiency) of the 4 cyl is amazing. The DSG is a great fun. Once driving, a guy in a Mercedes followed me to a stop light to tell me what a "cool" car it is. The nav system, while a bit complicated, is great. How did I live without it before? Great car. I\'d recommend it to anyone. Kill your SUV and get this. You\'ll be glad you did. Don\'t let anyone call it a "wagon". ', 'favorite': 'Nav system. Power. Style (inside and out). '}, {'date': '01/07/2007', 'text': "Test drove Honda, Subaru Outback, Mazda CX 7. Drove the A3 and knew this was the car for us (well, it's actually my wife's car). We live in an area where straight roads are rare and curves are the majority. The 6 speed manual is the smoothest and easiest I have ever driven. Living in the mountains, I vowed never to own a 4 cylinder car. But the 2.0 Turbo climbs up long grades in 6th gear with no problem. Steeper grades I have to shift between 3rd, 4th and 5th gears and that just means I am in for whole lot of fun. My wife calls this my mid-life crisis car but she looks pretty hot driving it herself. ", 'favorite': 'Open Sky System. Handling and acceleration. Wide temperature range on heated seats. Red interior lighting at night. '}, {'date': '11/27/2006', 'text': 'Bought the car with DSG, premium and open sky. Red exterior, black interior. The car looks hot, people stare at it all the time. Great performance, great pickup. The mileage has been great so far, going to tahoe from the bay I avg 29.3, coming down I did 28.5 (i was going a little faster). I\'m 6\'3" and fit well, don\'t have a whole lot of head room, but it\'s not an issue. Wish the trunk was a little bigger so my dog could fit a little better (great dane mix), but folding the seats will take car of that. Too bad it doesn\'t come with quattro in the 2.0T. I would highly recommend this car, it just puts a huge smile on my face everytime I take a turn or press the accelerator. ', 'favorite': 'Engine, DSG, looks, hatch. Great, great car.'}, {'date': '11/07/2006', 'text': 'Tired of the stiff ride in my Crossfire, I needed a bit more room and ease of entry. Enter the A3. Just as fast with a turbo 4 banger as the XFire, and a "softer" sporty ride. Quicker than my wife\'s 2001 TT, the A3 can pass life\'s slowpokes with ease, yet makes for a nice "everyday" ride. I can get all the nine luggage pieces of my drum set in easily with the rear seats folded down...and still have room for a friend. Great car for city, highway or the twisties when you can. A month of driving the A3 and it\'s still love!', 'favorite': 'The direct injection turbo 2.0 is smooth as glass and quick as a cat, but the DSG tranny is plain fantastic. From "drive" to paddle shifters, it makes magic on the A3. Gotta love the Audi interior quality and ergonomics; standard stereo is just fine and the trip computer keeps track.'}, {'date': '10/15/2006', 'text': "A great car that combines function with fun. I've had my A3 for about a month and couldn't be more happy. The 200 HP engine and DSG live up too the hype, and man, does it fly. The interior is spacious, comfortable, with a clean design. We searched most entry-level luxury sedans but the A3 was the clear winner - nothing even compared to the driving performance of the A3. You wouldn't know if from the inside, but the car has a ver small footprint, ideal for city driving and parking.", 'favorite': '6 speed DSG transmission, paddle shifting, nice interior design and form function. 5th door offers lots of storage opportunity. '}, {'date': '09/26/2006', 'text': "Third Audi, coming on the heels of a 2001 TT and an '03 A4. This is the Goldilocks car: not too small, not too big, just right. Our commute got shorter this year, so this is basically a city car. Shopped the 330i, the IS 350, the new A4, and the G35. Loved the A3's functionality and nimble, cut-and-thrust attitude.", 'favorite': "Engine/transmission combo, with DSG paddles (my first automatic ever). Beautiful interior, typical of Audi. Handling beats the TT (at least my early model.) Stand-up-and-shout Brilliant Red color. Great tactile sense in the interior design. My insurance company thinks it's a four-cylinder wagon!"}, {'date': '09/17/2006', 'text': 'This is my forth Audi, through All Roads and A-4 Avants. $ for $ and pound for pound the best car Audi makes excepting for the discontinued All Road and the A-4 Cabrolet converible which is some $ 12K more expensive to equip. I can do 35-37 mpg with a wax job and no head winds, so I can barely eek out 550 miles to a 13 gallon fill before hitting reserve, but if you want to hold 80 mph on 65 mph interstates and zip past some others in the passing lane, the economy will still hold 28 to 30 mpg. While it does not have some of the useless "bells and whistles" of the A-4 cousin, it\'s all all around functional car with plenty of storage. Suggest you buy Continental Extreme Contacts, a great all season/snow tire with smoother ride.', 'favorite': 'Fits my 6\'2" frame nicely, pleasure to drive on 500-800 miles day trips, seems like it almost turns by itself like a bobsled by just leaning one way or the other, well almost.'}, {'date': '08/27/2006', 'text': 'What a blast to drive! Short story ? I needed to trade in the 330CIC and get something a little more practical as I was losing my winter driver (16 yr old got her permit) and my wife wouldn?t dare part with her MDX. After a lengthy search I decided to go back to Audi (have owned 3 in the past) to drive the A4. I noticed the A3 and it was love at first stomp on the gas peddle! The DSG is unreal (paddles are fun), pick-up (turbo lag? NOT) is explosive and car is extremely comfortable. Gas mileage is great (30.5 on a recent road trip) & the creature comforts are nice (open sky, cold wthr, premium pkgs.', 'favorite': "DSG rocks, sticks to the road like a bad reputation, 2.0T loves to run, leather seats are supportive/comfy and this car makes a 40 yr old have fun driving! Thought I'd miss the convertible, I don't! Oh, gas mileage has been great!"}]
2007_audi_a4 - [{'date': '10/13/2009', 'text': "Owning an Audi has its highs and lows just as any other make out on the road. I have had some fun with my 2007 A4, it is very comfortable for all types of driving. Unfortunately, the FSI motors that Audi drops in these cars are garbage. Power is fine, handeling is impeccable, solid running motor, but HUGE OIL ISSUES. In most of the A4's FSI motor, the rings around the pistons are bad causing oil to burn rapidly right out of your exhaust. Just look at your tailpipes and you will see what I'm talking about. If you look at all the other Audi vehicles, only the A4 has this problem. If you are changing your oil every 1500-2000 miles contact Audi USA for your Engine Replacement.", 'favorite': 'The front grill is very stylish and gives the front end such an aggressive appearance. The craftsmanship of the interior is flawless, and the audio is uplifting. '}, {'date': '09/11/2009', 'text': "I just got the car about 5 months ago. It's been great and everything, it drives great. The engine is kind of noisy... The muffler tips get black quickly no clue why.. Mine is automatic. It's fun to drive comfortable and everything. When coming to a stop and it's about to downshift from 3rd to 2nd the car shakes. Also turbo lag at start. Wish it had just a little bit more power. But it's enough. ", 'favorite': 'Good sound system. Good handling.'}, {'date': '06/07/2009', 'text': 'Just bought a 2007 A4 Quattro 2.0 used with 18K miles in excellent condition. The car performs like no other car I have had. First, handling & ride are excellent. Fuel economy has been 22 MPG on short trips and around 30 on longer trips. The seats (both leather and power) are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled. Only complaint is the short leg room in the rear seats, but since the kids are no longer at home, it will only be used occasionally. (HINT: If you raise the front seat slightly, you can move the seat forward enough to allow more space for rear leg room. There are 2 trip computers,which were hard to use, but after reading the manual it makes sense. (See below.)', 'favorite': 'The 2 trip computers - I use one for current fill-up and other as a cumulative average and watch how road conditions affect the gas mileage.The auto folding mirrors are great for car washes. Self leveling lights, auto wipers and lights work superbly. Bluetooth phone setup on (Blackberry) was easy.'}, {'date': '06/04/2009', 'text': "I have been wanting the car for a while and had the hardtop A4, at the end of the lease nothing sounded better and I was right. Right after driving out of the dealership with 9 miles on the odometer I got plenty of looks on the street. The car, just like any Audi, drives beautifully, their windblocker assures your perfect hair day isn't ruined. I love how fast the top closes and how little of my own work it takes to open/close it, just a touch of my finger. This car also does look great with the top up which is not a common thing for convertibles in today's market. ", 'favorite': 'The build quality, the interior of course, nothing beats Audi with this. I love the automatic top and the feel I have while driving, I feel like a royal person. :)'}, {'date': '05/19/2009', 'text': "I'm constantly having to fool with power window controls. So sensitive it either goes all the way down or all the way up hard to get it right where you want it. Arm rest design is poor and blocks access to cup holders and hand break. Eats oil like there is no tomorrow. Performance is great. Nearest dealer 1 hour away which is a drag. ", 'favorite': 'Performance, design, interior. Audio system. '}, {'date': '04/23/2009', 'text': "Bought my first pre-owned Audi after owning Lexus IS-looking for better mileage. Brakes squeak at low speeds - had them cleaned to remove carbon build- up but week later same problem. Haven't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem? ", 'favorite': 'Handling is great!! Love the stereo, satellite radio - mileage better than Lexus IS.'}, {'date': '04/01/2009', 'text': "I have to take my car in every 1500 to 2000 miles to have oil put in because the car is burning the oil so fast. This is my 3rd Audi and I purchased this one under the assumption it would be like my others, oil change every 10,000 miles, I was wrong. The dealership keeps telling me this is normal and I don't believe them. I've contacted a lawyer because I want my car fixed before it goes out of warranty and find myself needing to replace a $10,000 engine.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '01/13/2009', 'text': 'I recently bought an 07 A4 Quattro after comparing several other brands. The build quality, gas mileage and AWD were a no brainer. The car is quiet, fuel efficient and fast! The turbo four is a great engine.', 'favorite': 'Other than the styling, I love the AWD. The Quattro drivetrain makes getting around in the snow very easy. '}, {'date': '01/12/2009', 'text': 'It was a toss up between the A4 and BMW 3 series. I went with A4 as the interior is superior (in my opinion). So far, no regrets. Good power, handling and fuel economy. All said, I would buy another Audi without hesitation.', 'favorite': 'Interior quality and the AWD system are second to none. '}, {'date': '01/10/2009', 'text': "Driving my A4 is both comfortable and fun. It is especially nice on the freeway when you can slip it into 6th gear and just cruise. It's acceleration from a stop is a little slow, but once you get going, it accelerates quite nicely.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '10/04/2006', 'text': "I own an Audi A4 2.0T and it is very fun to drive and great looking style. I don't regret.", 'favorite': 'Interior quality, exterior built quality, acceleration, transmission.'}, {'date': '09/05/2006', 'text': 'Performance is better than expected, quality and finish are outstanding. Multimedia/NAV is the best, only I would add touch-controls. I tried BMW 325xi. A4 is smaller, firmer, more fun to drive (and feels faster). Recommend A4 over the A3 (especially when you buy it with quattro) or A6 (boring...), since I had both for a while before. ', 'favorite': 'Quattro (in corners it feels like a rear wheel drive-power definitely comes from the rear), design and quality.'}, {'date': '09/04/2006', 'text': "I purchased the new 2007 A4 on 9/3/6. The manual transmission really allows you to drive this car and as a V4 it gets over 30 miles to the gallon. Driving it (a long way) home in the pouring rain wasn't an issue as the 4WD and the quattro system really helps with handling. Very comfortable interior, top end stereo and tight gear shift make this a fun family car. Take the kids to practice or give it a spin on the country roads with the wife on a Sunday afternoon: both can be fun in this solid family sedan -- the 2007 A4.", 'favorite': 'Tight gear shift; superior interior design; very good safety specifications; great mpg.'}, {'date': '09/01/2006', 'text': 'This is an unbelievable car that has as much "pep in its step" as a BMW, but with more elegance and minus a couple thousand dollars.', 'favorite': 'Steerable bi-xenon headlights, interior LED ambiance lighting, coming home/leaving home feature.'}, {'date': '12/22/2008', 'text': "I have been driving BMW's for the last 16 years, but just purchased a pre-owned 2007 A4; the tight ride, the excellent gas mileage, and the bang-4-the-buck were the overriding factors influencing my decision. This is my first front-wheel drive car, which has taken a bit to get used to; other than that, I am still satisfied with my decision.", 'favorite': "Interior design and quality (other than the armrest, which gets in the way of the hand brake and cup rests). The fabulous turning radius surprised me -it's better than my BMW 5, and has come in very handy for city parking (u-turns are common to get decent parking)."}, {'date': '12/10/2008', 'text': 'This is the complete package. Fun to drive, beautiful interior, great in any weather, zippy. What more do you want in a car this size?', 'favorite': 'Quattro. Heated seats. Six-speed. Turbo.The hangy-things in the trunk to hang grocery bags. '}, {'date': '09/24/2008', 'text': 'This A4 is my second Audi (first was a 1997 A4). Audi has definitely stepped up their game. I drive a lot and am currently at 53,000 miles and have not had 1 problem. Consistent 31 MPG even with driving at 80 MPH. Highly recommended! ', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '07/27/2008', 'text': 'I have been real disappointed with the A4 3.2 CVT. I had 3.0 Quattro before and there is no companison. Quattros are what Audi is all about. The CVT transmission is jerky in the 3.2. It is a boring ride. I once tried to accelerate and had a delayed response. It is fast and comfortable but I plan to get rid of it and go back to a Quattro. ', 'favorite': 'My heated seats. Car automatically locks when you start it and the beautiful dashboard highlighted in red.'}, {'date': '07/13/2008', 'text': 'Had my Audi for a year now and very pleased. Car is governed for 135. Rides well and can get 36 mpg at 60 mph. Around town if you go 47 mph it is easy to get 32 mpg.', 'favorite': 'Turbo really helps with gas mileage'}, {'date': '07/01/2008', 'text': "Bought an 07 BMW 328i and got out of it 2 months later. I can't believe how cheap BMW has become and those run flat tires are pure junk. I never drove an Audi until a friend recommended and kept telling me to drive the A4. This thing is solid, tight and drives amazing! The Bose system is nice, but all the speaker and Bose amp are going and being replaced with much higher end speakers and keeping the head unit. Audi is definitely the ultimate driving machine. BMW, I defect!", 'favorite': 'Great handling, smooth, easy to drive, comfortable, good on gas, great craftsmanship.'}, {'date': '06/04/2008', 'text': "The A4 Avant is agile on the road and it's a blast to drive. For the price, you really get a lot for your money. Most significantly, I feel firmly tied to the road during poor driving conditions. The sleek look of the Avant puts to rest the popular notion that wagons are boring and unsexy. ", 'favorite': 'The overall layout of the interior (particularly the console area) and the sleek exterior design. The technology is also user friendly and unintimidating.'}, {'date': '06/01/2008', 'text': "We have the s-line package with the firmer suspension, 18 inch wheels and upgraded leather. I absolutely love this car. We had a 2003 3.0 litre A4 before and we stuck with Audi (instead of buying a 335 BMW) because they are such a great company to deal with and their engineering is beautiful inside and out. I wasn't sure if I wanted the 6 speed manual until I drove it and loved it. It is awesome fun up in the mountains and the gas mileage is way better than our previous automatic. Also no one beats the Audi interior for the money. It is better than my buddy's brand new $90,000 BMW 650i interior. It is an incredible car for the money.", 'favorite': 'Body design, turning headlights, cabin fit and finish, gas mileage, satellite radio, bluetooth, steering wheel stitching, s-line package.'}, {'date': '05/10/2008', 'text': "Bought the A4 6500 miles ago. Seats are amazing, you never need to stop on long trips only adjust lumbar on long trips. Fuel ecnomy is excellent but it requires premium as expected with a turbo. AWD combined with winter tires makes this car the best I've driven in extreme winter conditions. Consumer reports rates this a recommeded buy, one of the main reason I purchased it. Traditionally pre-05 audis were not nearly a reliable. My previous car was an acura RSX, a more reliable (I am told) car but not nearly as nice of handling or design. I only hope this car will be as problem free as my Acura was, but I am not counting on it. This is the price paid for nicer handling and design.", 'favorite': 'Seat comfort, AWD and IPOD connection in glove box ($250 install).'}, {'date': '05/03/2008', 'text': 'Several issues with the vehicle 1) Engine Noise - the car sounds like a diesel. Not Quiet it will bother you. Dealer says that is the injectors 2) Brand new Car that burns oil according to Audi corp the engineering tolerances allow for a quart to be burned every 1200 miles - All I can say is WOW. This is a serious problem that will cause engine failure in the Future 3) The HID Lights vibrate. Taken in on several occasions there is an NTSB release on this safety issue. AUdi wont do anything about it till someone dies. 4) Poor Value. Poor Resale Value. 5) TURBO LAG . . . . Turbo Lag. Step on the Gas Pedal and count 2 missisippi. God forbid you need to quickly accela', 'favorite': 'NONE'}, {'date': '04/14/2008', 'text': "After test-driving the 3.2L, I could not settle for the 2.0T. While the 2.0T is peppy, the 3.2 is brute-force power, but with a terrific handling finesse. The exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors *cough*BMW*. The interior is likewise sleek without the BMW austerity or Lexus frou-frou. The engine just purrs, and no matter what your speed, the 3.2 has plenty of power in reserve. The GPS is top- notch, the Bose system is pure concert- hall sound, and the overall design is classic. Amazing how a 10-year-old Audi doesn't look nearly as dated as a younger Lexus, Merc or BMW. Most importantly, I took a broadside hit from a Dodge Ram and was fine. Audi - 1, Dodge - 0.", 'favorite': "Bose audio system with Sirius, the 3D GPS Navigation is a must-have, quattro handling is unmatched in the rain or even dry pavement. Safety safety safety. I feel totally confident driving this car anywhere. Seats are so comfy, and I'm not what you'd consider to be a well-padded individual."}, {'date': '03/27/2008', 'text': "I've been eyeing and dreaming of driving this car for 7 years, you hear me, 7 years! Solid performance, nice handling, luxurious interior, a product of real German engineering. Really does well on turning on sharp curves, it hugs the road. You name it, rain, snow, ice, it's there, 4 seasons in a year! Yeah, it gets bored in the summer.", 'favorite': "It's unbeatable AWD that Audi pioneered. The rest just follow. Audi never follows."}, {'date': '03/27/2008', 'text': 'Great engine, handling, and transmission. Unfortunately, the suspension is so hard it transmits every bump and crevice from the road right to the steering wheel and cabin. Makes for a "nervous" ride. Truly unfortunate. I feel like I need to see the chiropractor after every drive.', 'favorite': 'Transmission'}, {'date': '03/21/2008', 'text': "After owning a 2007 A4 for just over 1 year, I can firmly say that it is a really nice car, but definitely not worth the sticker price of 37K. I have a couple of issues (car stalls for 2-3 seconds while cruising) that the dealership can't fix. I have a couple of rattles that really shouldn't exist in this caliber vehicle. I got a great lease deal 400 a month / 15k a year / 24 months with nearly nothing down. It is fun to drive. It's fairly fast for the base engine. The mileage is good, but varies alot between city and highway.", 'favorite': 'Handling/cornering. Driving is fun. Steering feel is amazing. Great turning radius.'}, {'date': '01/28/2008', 'text': 'I recently bought my second Audi. This one is an 2007 A4 that I bought as a CPO with 12G KMS. It has a sport suspension with 17 in. MAGS. It is a great combination of style, comfort and driving performance. The 2.0 FSI has a bit of turbo lag in automatic mode but is way less noticeable than in the 1.8T. Frankly, it is no big deal as it is not very apparent and basically disappears in manual mode. Interior is second to none and the handling is crisp and clean. In the process of contemplating this purchase, I have tried out all the competition and came back to Audi because they put everything into one great package.', 'favorite': 'Ride...crisp and clean. Sport supension!! Interior and exterior styling. The integrated Bluetooth is a nice feature. '}, {'date': '01/17/2008', 'text': "I'm big, the car isn't, but all in all it is reasonably comfortable. The AWD 6 speed 2.0 T gives me all the performance that I really need for Canadian winters and driving distances. Mileage is excellent on the hwy in 6th and this car pulls well past the speed limit. I find the fit and finish as good as my previous bimmers but the car is more reliable than my recent X5's and is actually better in the snow. I reccomend this car wholeheartedly - I always enjoy driving it!", 'favorite': 'It has to be the 2.0T AWD linked to the smooth 6 speed. I love this drive train.'}, {'date': '01/16/2008', 'text': "Great car for driving around town. Convertable is really fun and in the winter, quattro really gets you through. One issue I have is that on a long trip, the driver's seat becomes very uncomfortable to the point of painful. I have had the pad replaced but it didn't help. I use a towel on the seat for long trips. Additionally, the german car makers need to upgrade their Nav system. Toyota and Acura systems win by a mile!", 'favorite': 'Quattro, stereo, performance, convertable top operation'}, {'date': '12/21/2007', 'text': 'Wow! this is in one word what I can say about this car. Im the convertible type of woman and I previously had the bmw z4. After switching this car to Audi I don\'t think I will ever go back to BMWs. I live in Las Vegas so sun is always here and the convertible just makes sense however from now on even if I live in Alaska I still wouldn\'t mind having the same car. In the z4 i had to "work" on getting the top latched to the car and here I press a button and it does it all for me, and I mean ALL. Overall I love it and recommend it to anybody out there. ', 'favorite': 'Fully rectractable top, no hands required ;) and bi-xenon headlights, interior! Shows how much work has been spent on it, LOVE it!'}, {'date': '12/14/2007', 'text': 'I purchased a new A4 Quattro. On the way home the ESP light would intermittently stay on, the dynamic headlight warning light came on and stayed on. The cruise control did not work, the next morning I pulled out of the garage and began driving to work, the same thing happened and got worse, the turn signals would not work as well, very poor car, I have immediate glitches, hassles, embarassment (pulled up at starbucks with co-worker in car and had to open the door to get the order) and this is all on the original tank of gas.', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '12/06/2007', 'text': 'This is my second A4 and I fell in love all over again. Just like I did when I purchased my first Audi in 2002. These cars are made to last and are only a few dollars more than a loaded-up Camry! I chose this time to forgo Quattro as my previous A4 Quattro "ate tires for breakfast." I\'m very happy with the FrontTrack. The 2.0 turbo is almost as fast as my 2002 3.0 and gets MUCH better fuel milage: 32 hwy and 28/29 city. I would reccommend Audi to anyone seeking a safe, efficient, quality auto that provides the driver with the cachet of a German luxury make without breaking the bank!', 'favorite': 'Fuel economy; quality interior; base stereo is fine; unmatched fit and finish; full sized spare and wheel-in case you run up on a curb and scratch one like I did; Audi dealers treat you with difference. '}, {'date': '11/30/2007', 'text': 'The turbo 4 is plenty with the manual transmission, and I average 31 mpg in mostly highway travel. Handles great. No problems. Feels solid. Over 6000 miles so far.', 'favorite': 'AWD is mandatory for me in the snowbelt. MPG in a car not purchased to be economical. Style, handling. Not boring.'}, {'date': '11/11/2007', 'text': 'Only have 2000 miles in 3 months. Visited the dealer on a whim after checking out Saab and VW Eos. VW dealer had a used A4 on the lot. Big mistake. For about the same money as an Eos , I was able to lease a new A4 with Quattro. I feel the value of this car with all its luxury and fit n finish puts all others to shame in this class. It is a second car, so it doesn\'t get its fair share of outdoor time. I can\'t keep my eyes off it. It turns heads on the road as well. The Alpaca Beige is really unique and looks great with the aluminum trim. Didn\'t get all bells and whistles since inventory was limited. Stereo just ok. Convenience pkg is great as are 18" wheels. Just put the top down and grin!', 'favorite': 'Exhaust note is primal. Top operation is clean and hides neatly. Fairly good trunk space. Rear seat tight, but better than Saab and BMW. Kids will manage. 6 speed auto is flawless. Some turbo lag, but quattro helps keep wheels from spinning. Fairly quiet with top up. Great all-weather fun car.'}, {'date': '11/07/2007', 'text': "After driving an ML320 for the past eight years, it was a big decision to return to a sedan. We looked at, and drove, many of the SUVs and cross over vehicles but weren't happy with the fuel economy (nor the cost) so we started driving sedans. We bought the A4 because of its proven AWD system in the NE winters. We have 9000 miles on it so far and it's been great. We average 28 mpg, the driving is great fun and it's very responsive on curves, etc. The quallity of engineering is impressive and the service (for the 5k oil change) quick and friendly. Great little car! ", 'favorite': 'Road handling, sound system and sport-setting on the transmission. '}, {'date': '10/28/2007', 'text': "Bought my first German made car. Almost bought a ford fusion but when I really sat down and saw the better engineering, beefier parts, and the technology on this vehicle, the difference easily went away from the v6 opponent. All I can say is I got 36 mpg at 65 mph. 32 driving slow ~45 mph in stop and go traffic around town. Vehicle kicks with the cvt which you can make drive like a regular transmission, but that burns more fuel and well you don't need it.", 'favorite': 'I find out something new on this vehicle everyday. Carlighter in the trunk, door hinges that are cast not stamped. Turbo that really pushes the fuel economy up and gives a super boost of power from 50 mph to 135 within a few seconds on the highway. Too scared to redline it to see how fast it goes!'}, {'date': '10/03/2007', 'text': "After months of research, I dismissed the following cars: Saab 9-3, Volvo S40, Infiniti G35, Acura TSX. It came down to the Acura TL and the A4. I bought the A4 because of the ride and I got it for $3K less than the TL. The car is fast, but watch out for turbo lag from a standing start. The quality of build is terrific. I'm getting 30 mpg with 70% hwy driving. The trunk is surprisingly spacious, but a little tight for the driver's right leg. Get the premium package (with leather seats). Great fun all around!", 'favorite': "Gripping cup holders. Night cabin lighting. Auto 'sport' mode. Solid feel of the car. Steering wheel feel."}, {'date': '09/05/2007', 'text': 'Have had a number of German autos, our other car is a Porsche C4S and I bought the Audi as a utility vehicle and so far we are extremely pleased with the quality and performance of the car. Have also had BMWs in the past, the Audi is equal or better in all aspects and would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a wagon for the utility benefit but still wants the style and luxury of a great German car!', 'favorite': 'Everything!'}, {'date': '09/05/2007', 'text': 'I love my new Audi. It is really fun to drive and very comfortable. I also feel that it is a very safe vehicle for me and my family. I love the in-dash 6 disk changer and the body style of it. When I drive past people they know that the looks impressive. ', 'favorite': 'I love the tiptronic transmission and the sport feature to provide more torque and power.'}, {'date': '08/30/2007', 'text': "I shopped all the brands in this price point, thought the BMW was too small and cramped, thought the Lexus was just too boring, and the MB a little too 'old'. I like the ride, handling, mpg, price and stereo in this car. The price came in under all the competition and the complementary maintenance was very nice. However, I have not been able to enjoy it since out of the first 39 days of ownership, it's been in the shop for 23 days. I don't know if I got a lemon, or this is indicative of Audi quality. Either way, I do not recommend this car and I won't be buying from Audi again for a long long time.", 'favorite': 'Almost 600 miles to the tank if you baby it on the hwy, excellent all weather handling, MP3 audio system has great overall sound and very good bass response, 6 heating levels for heated seats, full size spare with matching rim, huge trunk with folding seats, small medical kit standard.'}, {'date': '08/17/2007', 'text': 'This is one great car. I love how agile it is. Handling is superb and it is a pleasure to drive the car. This car personifies how a true German sports sedan is supposed to feel and ride. The cabin is beautifully designed and the exterior is stylish and curves are eye catching. The mileage I get from this car is phenomenal. The only two things I would like see improved are, the turbo lag and leg area is slightly tight where a bit of wider floor would increase the comfort. ', 'favorite': 'Ride, handling, design and style.'}, {'date': '07/30/2007', 'text': 'I selected the wood trim instead of the aluminum. The car is very fun to drive, and Quattro is amazing. The fact that you can get it nicely equipped at about 46k is pretty nice too. I had the Premium and Convenience Packages, along with the Bose sound system. No MMI or Bluetooth. However, Bluetooth is pointless in a convertible if you have the top down. The wind deflector and heated seats are invaluable and they help you drive the car a lot later into the year. Digital climate control is standard, a nice touch over BMW or Mercedes. The CD player is an in-dash 6 disc. The changer moves to the glovebox if you get MMI. It also plays MP3 discs, which is handy.', 'favorite': 'The wind deflector, the Bose audio system, heated seats, digital climate control, and of course the fact that it is a convertible. AND THE SOUND OF THE ENGINE! Transmission is very smooth, but can be sporty as well.'}, {'date': '07/26/2007', 'text': 'I recently bought the A4 2.0T CVT; previously I had an A4 2001, 2.8 V6. I liked that car a lot, but this new one is more powerful. Even though is 4 cyl, it has 10 HP more than my previous V6. Exterior and interior design is awesome. I got 6 years 100000 miles of warranty (for certified cars only), so I can drive non-stop and have fun. The only thing that my old car has the advantage over the new one is a silent engine noise, I believe it because of the turbo. I like more silent powerful engines, but otherwise everything is just excellent! AAA+++ ', 'favorite': 'Redesigned new interior and exterior. Very fuel efficient. CVT impressed me, too. Interior is larger than previous.'}, {'date': '07/12/2007', 'text': "I've owned three VWs before this and so far I'm in love with the A4. I miss the power off the line from the VR6 engine in the VW's I drove, but this is my first turbo and part of it is a personal adjustment. Would I purchase one again, if I had the choice? Yes. I love the way it handles, the ergonomics and interior design are excellent, and the build quality is top notch. I only wish that I had an S4 or an RS4. It leaves me with something to wish for, but that's not a bad thing.", 'favorite': 'Handling (suspension). Build quality. Ergonomics. Refinement.'}, {'date': '06/30/2007', 'text': "The A4 can justify the price and gives the owner a sense of exclusivity. I wanted a sensible economy car, and that's exactly what I got. It's not overly fun to drive, doesn't have drop-dead good looks, but it is reliable, has excellent fuel economy, and the fit and finish set the standard. The Audi is an all around good car, and I have never second-guessed myself for purchasing one. ", 'favorite': 'All wheel drive inspires confidence. I used to sweat bullets when the rain started to fall but not anymore. The fuel economy is great for a turbo-charged vehicle. The fit and finish are incredible. I have yet to see another that looks so well made inside and out at such a great value'}, {'date': '05/28/2007', 'text': "Couldn't help but notice the earlier review about a new engine failure. I brought my 2007 3.2 Cabriolet in for it's 5000 mile service, and when a new engine noise appeared immediately thereafter on the passenger side, Audi replaced the engine, seemingly knowing what the problem was right away. One of the cylinders had an obvious machining defect that the service department kindly showed me. Audi should not saddle the consumer with this enormous market devaluation when an obvious quality control issue like this arises. If you're buying an Audi like I did, thinking I was smarter than all the other people who have nightmare stories to tell, perhaps think again. ", 'favorite': 'Fit and finish are beautiful. Easy driving performance vehicle.'}, {'date': '05/27/2007', 'text': "After 9 years and 150K miles (8 1/2 years and 142K miles with nothing but routine maintenance) it was time to retire my 98 A4 2.8. Audi, BMW, Acura, Lexus and Infiniti were all on my list to consider. The Audi turned out to be the best all-around vehicle and as I mentioned has proven to be ultra-reliable at least for me. I love the 3.2's growl and pick-up.", 'favorite': "The best interior in its class, even if I can still see a resemblance to my 98's. Quattro - if you live in the snowbelt you can do amazing things. I have gone up hills not realizing how bad they were until I passed SUVs off that couldn't get any further up."}, {'date': '05/19/2007', 'text': 'I recently purchased a 2007 Audi A4 2.0T six speed with the sport package. This car is simply awesome!! There is virtually no turbo lag. The acceleration is simply breathtaking. It is hard to believe that this car has only has 200 hp. It feels more like 250 hp. The six speed will do 0-60 in 6.5 secs (but feels even faster when the temp outside is between 40 -50 degrees - turbos like cool weather). The passing acceleration is equally impressive. Just drop down a gear and whoosh, the turbo blasts the car forward leaving other cars in your wake. I am also impressed with the handling capabilities of the A4. Many of the components of the sport suspension are borrowed from the S4 and it shows.', 'favorite': 'Gear box!'}, {'date': '05/17/2007', 'text': "Words alone cannot describe the artwork this car is. From the moment you sit in the car you feel comfort and to the point of making turns at 60 mph you still feel the ground which gives you believe in the car you trust it in the most severe time, and it doesn't let you down. 4 cylinder engine, great on gas especially now that will hit $4 a gallon, and does not compromise power. 200 hp is quite enough. The interior, as always, high quality.", 'favorite': 'Quattro. German. High quality. State of the art engine. Stylish. Does not need to be "hooked-up", it is already.'}, {'date': '05/14/2007', 'text': 'This is a great car, but it does have a few problems. The biggest problem so far is the fuel economy, granted I live in NYC, but 230 miles to the tank still seems like a bit much for a manual transmission being carefully driven. Now the fun part, at 4,953 the check engine light came on and as I soon found out, the oxygen sensor was broken. This would have to be the first time I have ever had anything break at 5,000 miles, and needless to say I was not pleased. Still pretty happy with the car though, an overall pleasant drive.', 'favorite': 'Bluetooth, SD card MP3 player, 4 wheel drive. '}, {'date': '04/27/2007', 'text': "Did my research... Audi A4 wins in most categories: fun to drive yet economical; great design aspects, but not too cutting-edge; very comfortable ride, and of course, excellent German engineering throughout. It's damn good looking, too! ", 'favorite': 'Interior/exterior design elements; comfortable seating; sound system; smooth ride.'}, {'date': '04/23/2007', 'text': 'I just recently bought my Audi, and I am extremely satisfied. I love the car; how it runs, performs, handles, everything.', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '04/17/2007', 'text': 'Very satisfied with my new \'07 A4 3.2Q S-Line and titanium pkg. I\'ve received glowing remarks on the Quartz metallic exterior and most people "get" the smooth quality interior. I\'ve got the Navigation system with Sirius radio and enjoy every minute in this fun to drive rocket. As many have mentioned, the 3.2 engine has serious pull and the suspension keeps the car hugging the curves. The seamless bluetooth technology is just another added creature comfort, so is the MP3 compatibility. Love this car!', 'favorite': 'Excellent engine, tight handling, paddle shifters, S-line styling, navigation, sirius satelite radio, mp3, 6 CD changer, front & back seat heated seats, 4 memory seat adjustments, folding side mirrors are all very much appreciated.'}, {'date': '04/16/2007', 'text': "I've purchased this vehicle about a week ago. I was also looking at Acura TL, Infiniti G35, and Lexus IS 250 as well. In my opinion, Acura had the best quality and price. However, Audi was much more fun to drive and has AWD feature which is very helpful for me (I live in Boston). I am satisfied with my vehicle. ", 'favorite': 'Joyful drive and having 10 speakers were very attractive to me. '}, {'date': '04/09/2007', 'text': 'After 4500 miles, the engine on my A4 developed a knock on the passenger side. Audi has replaced the air pump, ECU, and is now replacing the cylinder head. I am concerned that such a new motor has failed, and that Audi has instructed the dealer to break it open and repair it rather then replace the motor or vehicle. ', 'favorite': 'AWD and interior.'}, {'date': '04/08/2007', 'text': "Have owned the car for 6 days and love it! Went with FWD and CVT due to price -- wanted a convertible and this is a 3rd car that will not do heavy duty driving or commuting. For general driving, the FWD is more than fine. Engine is great with 2.0T -- peppy and efficient at same time. Brother-in-law owns '05 1.8T Sedan - drove my 2.0T & says it's much stronger from a standstill. Upgraded stereo with Bose/Sirius is fabulous. Interior fit/feel is intuitive, with lots of little features that make it a pleasure to drive. Top up/ down process is painless and takes less that 30 seconds. Overall, no regrets and the price was right, compared to a used 2006 BMW convertible.", 'favorite': "Driver's seat/cockpit feel. Handling. Stereo. Acceleration and cruise. Convertible top. Manumatic shifting. 2007 body style tweaks. Dual climate control. "}, {'date': '03/28/2007', 'text': 'I just turned-in my 2004 A4 1.8T UltraSport (5-speed manual) and am very excited. I decided to go for CVT this time, and with a few less options. This car does not disappoint, it looks great, drives great, etc.', 'favorite': 'New look in the front. The standard radio now has a 6-disc changer with MP3 capability. No need to worry about iPod integration. It has a nice feature to browse the music folders and you can see all the titles and album information.'}, {'date': '03/03/2007', 'text': 'I have had this car two months and I love driving it. This car is really nimble and comfortable. The gas mileage is pretty good for a car that performs this well. There is a slight lag at take off but then it really picks up. Also, the car beeps way too much. For the money this is a great car. ', 'favorite': 'MP3 stereo, sport shifting, dual climate control, heated seats, clever hanger in the trunk for shopping bags. '}, {'date': '03/01/2007', 'text': "A long time Benz owner - drove the Audi on a whim and fell in love! I had forgotten how much fun driving could be - this thing rides like it's on rails! Bought it as a 2nd car to keep miles off my ML350 and have to force myself to drive the SUV now. ", 'favorite': 'Great in tight maneuvers - great fit and finish - awesome styling. Drives like a manual which makes it seem sportier to me.'}, {'date': '02/28/2007', 'text': "With the new 3.2 A-4, Audi has designed, in my opinion, the BMW-killer. This car outdoes the 3-series in three important categories of performance, appearance, and overall value, with handling being a tie. I'm so glad I kicked in the extra few thousand to get the 6-cyl. over the buzzy little turbo 4 cyl. It was well worth it, as the six gives you an extra 55 naturally-aspirated HP, which is noticeable on hilly roads as well as in passing situations. I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship!", 'favorite': 'That beautiful 6-banger engine! Also, a great sound system (standard equip.), German handling, and exterior styling that never fails to draw compliments from friends and strangers alike.'}, {'date': '02/27/2007', 'text': "Since September of '06, this car has been returned to the dealer for a total of approximately 6 weeks to try to fix a serious mechanical problem - namely, extremely hard starting in cold weather. Based on Audi's suggestions, a number of the car's components, including the coils and exhaust valves, have been replaced, but the problem has been neither identified or fixed. (The car has currently been at the dealer for almost 4 weeks with no progress.) ", 'favorite': 'The all-wheel drive system is terrific in bad weather. The front seats are extremely comfortable and supportive.'}, {'date': '02/25/2007', 'text': 'Just got an A4 2.0T 6MT as my 2nd car due to its attractive lease deal. I wasn\'t an Audi fan & never like quattro or FWD cars. My previous driving expriences on 1st Gen S4 was so-so only. I was always thought of getting a BMW 3 series as my daily. After I owned this A4 for a few weeks, I fell in love with the new 07 A4. Its suspension is so composed, even with the base 16" wheel/tire setup, the suspension setting is firm yet comfortable. Handling is neutral to very minimal understeer. Overall experience is very good, on par with the last 3 series I drove. The 6MT shifts better than any BMW, period. Now, with $100 lower on monthly payment. I totally forget about the BMW and I\'m loving it.', 'favorite': '6 speed manual trans. Who needs CVT or Tiptronic? 25-30 Actual MPG! Very good stock suspension settings. Factory stereo sounds very good! All the buttons inside are nice to touch.'}, {'date': '02/25/2007', 'text': 'This is my first Audi and so far I\'m very pleased. The overall muscular look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me. The turbo engine has plenty of power especially in "s" mode. Interior controls are well laid out and the dual climate control works exceptionally well - very cold A/C. The ride is rather quiet and wind noise is relatively unnoticeable. Fuel economy is a bit less than advertised. I do mostly highway driving at 60-70 mph and I have been getting 30 mpg versus 32 mpg advertised. Overall, I\'m very pleased with the value and quality of this car!', 'favorite': '"S" mode, overall performance, walnut wood Trim, 17" wheels/rims, red lighting on all displays and 18.5 gallon gas tank!'}, {'date': '02/24/2007', 'text': 'My new 2007 A4 already been the shop 3 times. Need a new engine @ 2200 miles. Very unreliable machine. Very unhappy customer. Would not buy Audi again. Idle rough at morning start. Dealer said it is normal for all 2.0T. ', 'favorite': 'AWD is awesome. Nothing else.'}, {'date': '02/20/2007', 'text': 'This is my first Audi. I always had an impression of Audi being a ?softer? BMW, and all in all I think I was correct. After having owned many performance cars I was looking for something more comfortable for my long drives so I decided to check out Audi. This is definitely a comfortable car. You get a fair amount of luxury, good performance, great gas mileage, and a beautiful car inside and out for the money; all without the unwanted ?image? the BMW provides, which frankly I got tired of. If you want a more performance oriented car the 3-series is cream of the crop; however, if you want a more compliant German made car the A4 is a great car for less money. ', 'favorite': 'Comfortable seats and driving position, good engine power for a 4 cylinder, good number of easy modifications on the market (chip, suspension) good stock stereo, good sized trunk, great highway cruiser, great looking elegant style inside and out, good gas mileage, good value for the money. '}, {'date': '02/12/2007', 'text': "This is my first sedan. I never thought I'd get one, but I truly like my Audi. Going from a V6 engine has been my only real adjustment. The lag still bothers me a bit, but once you pick up speed, wow! The car really moves. I had considered a BMW, but Audi had a better deal, and I am very pleased with my car. It's a classy car.", 'favorite': "I love the interior. It's really first rate. The brakes are tops. "}, {'date': '02/02/2007', 'text': "This is my 8th leased Audi. Love the brand. The 3.2 Cab is a great car to drive. I've had Porsche and BMW convertibles and nothing can compare to the amazing roof this Audi has. It's canvas, but virtually silent even when driving at 80 mph. I don't know how the engineers did it, but wind noise is kept at a minimum. Handling is much better than the old cabs. It seems stiffer and the turn-in is quicker. Brakes are awesome and inspire confidence. Got it in Alpaka Beige, cream interior and tan room. It's a very nice looking car, even with the new Audi gap-mouth grille. You get used to that fairly quickly. I highly recommend the 3.2.", 'favorite': "The sweet, sweet engine is my favorite feature. It makes the most beautiful sounds, especially with the top down. The paddle shifters are fun when doing spirited driving. The car tracks with accuracy. Sport suspension is an inexpensive option that's worth it."}, {'date': '02/01/2007', 'text': 'Being a previous owner of a Passat, I was not particularly excited about taking delivery of this car. I was a BMW zealot (and still have a late model bimmer parked next to the Audi) but got excited, very excited about driving this car! The Quattro is a godsend - much better than X-drive. The fit and finish is superb. The creature comforts well matched. This car is a winner. Its dichotomous nature is aptly suited to both the executive who thinks he could drive in a rally and to the retiree who likes a sport tuned suspension with the confidence of knowing they have all-wheel ability. One will not be disappointed with this car. Enjoy and cheers.', 'favorite': 'Simply Quattro!'}, {'date': '01/31/2007', 'text': 'My second A4 Avant and it is better than my 2003 was. Faster, better handling, great looking both inside and out. Better mileage and bang for your buck than any Benz or BMW out there. For $40k with most of the upgrades, this baby rocks. Black and beige is a babe magnet.', 'favorite': 'Performance, luxurious interior, safety ratings and value compared to similar classed wagons.'}, {'date': '01/25/2007', 'text': ' I haven\'t owned this vehicle long enough (purchased 1/2007) to give a complete review. I was pleasantly surprised at the power and response from such a small engine. I find myself wondering why everyone else is driving so slow on the highway. At slower speeds and around corners, the handling is very quick with very little lean.The manual shifting with the 2T package takes some getting used to and, frankly, some practice. The suspension is somewhat stiff but I think you\'d have to agree that it is race oriented. The interior is comfortable and "no nonsense". Everything is there and nicely organized around the driver. I personally liked the gauge positioning and control positioning. ', 'favorite': 'I personally liked the engine/transmission performance. Very quick and nimble for a 4 cylinder. I felt like I was driving a road racer.'}, {'date': '01/22/2007', 'text': "What other vehicle in this class offers luxury, performance, safety, cachet, fuel economy, and quality at the price of an A4? BMW arguably makes a superior car, but the value is not there (and how will you know which one is yours in the parking lot?). M-B lacks quality. The Japanese makes don't offer the driving experience of the Germans, and the Americans are sans cachet. To me, the A4 fills a neat niche left by the others with an incredible drivetrain, legendary ergonomics, earth- and wallet-saving fuel economy, IIHS safety cred, and lease deals galore, it's a no-brainer. Drive everything else first.", 'favorite': "Steering, confidence at high speeds, consistency in every button/switch/dial, turn signals (don't lock- just tap for a lane change!), slick manual, perfect seat positioning, getting 25 MPG after spirited driving, trunk depth."}, {'date': '01/16/2007', 'text': "Second A4 I've owned and it keeps getting better and better. Love the design, the engine, the interior. Still notice the turbo lag but not as pronounced as my 05 A4 1.8L. The car will get up and move when asked and is very responsive, and I love to hear the growl of the engine. Until audi does something really bad to these cars I'll always buy another audi. Will always recommend audi before other luxury cars also.", 'favorite': 'Interior quality, sound system is quality, the backlite on everything at nite is cool, one-touch sunroof knob, MP3 hook-up.'}, {'date': '01/14/2007', 'text': "When I bought my 1.8T AWD, dealer insisted it would last over 100k with no problem. As soon as mine went off the warranty it several major failures: headlight switch (common in all Audis), tensioner gasket (huge oil leak demanding entire engine disassembly), instrument panel (dead horizontal lines), and 2 secondary air pump failures. Not to mention the quarterly visits to the dealer while the car was still before 30k to fix check engine light (leaking hoses). This is my last German car. Driving it was lots of fun but I can't deal with thousands of dollars in repairs and repeat visits to the $120-an-hour labor dealer. Buy at your own risk - and read the forums before you do!", 'favorite': 'Superior handling, acceleration, very good sound system.'}, {'date': '01/05/2007', 'text': 'I have had my A4 for a month and it handles any curve in any condition. The all-wheel drive is great. I upgraded to the sport suspension and it really makes the ride more firm so make sure that you really want that as the regular suspension is already pretty good and sometimes I think I would not mind a little softer ride although it does allow you to take a corner at 75 and makes it feel like 25. The inside is way better then the BMW or Acura. Great car overall with a great style all its own. If you go to the snow this car is great, I have already taken it to tahoe and while others were putting on chains I just kept on driving. ', 'favorite': 'Stereo, inside style, fat tires, interior lighting.'}, {'date': '01/03/2007', 'text': 'I have now owned my 6th Audi (4th A4) and I will say for sure, Audi has come back to be the overall segment leader in the compact luxury car segment for the total package. I have already put over 5K miles on the car without a hitch, just got the first scheduled service for free. Even being front drive this car handles extremely well and the performance is much greater than expected for a 4 cylinder, thanks to direct injection. The "base" stereo system rocks as well as the Bose stereo from previous A4s. Heated seats aren\'t really necessary in Arizona but have come in handy on a few cool nights. Overall fit and finish is unmatched by any other cars in class', 'favorite': 'Build quality, looks, stereo, handling, gas mileage.'}, {'date': '12/31/2006', 'text': 'I bought this car for my daughter, who previously had a Volvo S40 and a Volvo S60. Both are very good, safe cars but lack any sense of excitement. I drive a Porsche and when it was in for service I was given an A4 as a loaner and loved it. Tight as a drum, well-balanced, great handling, outstanding gas mileage and really fun to drive (I grab it whenever I can!). Excellent build quality, great exterior design and an interior way beyond anything in its price class. Buy it! ', 'favorite': 'Performance, looks, quality, interior.'}, {'date': '12/29/2006', 'text': "After a bad experience with my 2006 BMW and the run flat tires (my third BMW), I researched many cars to see what would be the BMW's replacement. When I drove the Audi A4 3.2 quattro, I knew I would never go back to BMW. The car handles better, better ride, quiet, large trunk, great storage and many useful features. It's an all around awesome car and I'm looking forward to many years of driving enjoyment. ", 'favorite': "Driver's seat and access to console, large trunk, comfort and great handling, and AWD."}, {'date': '12/19/2006', 'text': 'I love driving this car. It has a great feel and handles very well on back country roads.', 'favorite': 'My favorite features are as follows: 1. The ?sport? feature on the transmissions. 2. The red interior lighting on the dash and center console. 3. It?s a babe magnet.'}, {'date': '12/18/2006', 'text': 'I found my stylish, sporty and comfortable A4 is a lot of car for the money.', 'favorite': 'Quattro.'}, {'date': '12/16/2006', 'text': 'I have had this car for 4 months and every day I seem to find a new reason to like it better than the day before. It is a beautifully refined vehicle and the interior along with the convertible top is a marvel. The engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy and the 6-speed auto transmission is very refined. I wish the gas mileage were a little better, but that is the compromise to have Quattro, I guess. I have pretty much every available option and I think this is the reason the car is such a marvel... nothing to do but drive and enjoy.', 'favorite': "The Nav and comfort features are exceptional. Basically, insert the key and everything is automatic. I didn't think this would be so impressive until I got an A4 sedan as a loaner during normal 5000 mile service. Same engine and drive but a different driving experience. Bluetooth is also great."}, {'date': '12/15/2006', 'text': "Start with the engine - 2.0 liter mated to the 6 spd and the Quattro drive... astonishing torque and smoothness for the size. Turbo lag is virtually eliminated with DFI. Low end grunt is not awesome, but it's not to be expected. The exterior is a matter of taste - I love the design. Interior is very quiet, comfortable, well appointed.", 'favorite': 'The engine, the quattro - feel glued to the road, the mid & upper end torque, ambient interior lighting, fit and finish overall, the interior - with the few exceptions noted.'}, {'date': '12/12/2006', 'text': "Truly a thinking man's BMW. Sure it has FF format and it doesn't quite drive like FR BMW, but it has a confident handling and ride quality that many drivers wouldn't really mind at all. And how about the price point. It is several thousands dollars less than BMW, but I think it has much more tasteful interior that will age gracefully. Wonderful car to drive and look at.", 'favorite': 'Interior design and the materials they used. Absolutely class leading! Confident stance and the look of the car especially from the rear quarter angle.'}, {'date': '12/08/2006', 'text': "I really have a hard time describing to non-Audi Quattro drivers, the experience of Audi Quattro. In the wet, snow and ice this all wheel drive saves you in so many situations, and this system does this in a manner in which the driver has no clue - it just works. This is not four wheel drive, as I have often heard the neophyte describe controlled power to four wheels. On dry pavement, this is total smart control - Quattro is an all wheel computer controlled drive, perfected over 25 years and banned on many race circuits because of it's dominant superiority. With seamless traction, like a Cheetah coupled with an engine that is FSI turbocharged and inter-cooled race bred in an everyday spo", 'favorite': 'Engine and Quattro'}, {'date': '11/30/2006', 'text': 'First type of entry level luxury car. Fun to drive, responsive and comfortable. Would buy again if they continued with this type of quality in the car. Good pricing options and the packages they offer are excellent! They have me hooked for sure, not to mention, it has a decent room for passengers in the back.', 'favorite': 'Stereo system is excellent, one of the best I have heard in a while.'}, {'date': '11/29/2006', 'text': "First Audi and after 1500 miles, I'm sold! Couldn't be happier with the drive and feel of the A4. Handles amazing, great gas mileage and an appealing look - both interior and exterior. Test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the A4. The interior controls take a little getting used to (climate controls, audio, lights, and sunroof control).", 'favorite': 'Handling, gas mileage, power for a 4cyl and the interior.'}, {'date': '11/25/2006', 'text': "The car drives great. It has tight handling and responsive control, it's easy to operate and the controls are great. It's a beautiful car. ", 'favorite': 'The handling and control in poor weather.'}, {'date': '11/08/2006', 'text': "This thing is soo fun. I've had an MB C230 before and it can't even compare to my 07 A4 2.0t. It's really fast with the sport mode trans and so easy to drive while maintaining complete control. Awesome brakes too. Sweet sound system and cool lighting while driving at night. ", 'favorite': 'I like the sportstronic trans in my baby, also like the awesome gas mileage.'}, {'date': '11/03/2006', 'text': "Just got the car, so this is my initial reaction review. After I drive it a year or so I'll put in another review. But right now I LOVE this car. The handling is great, the steering wheel (adaptive steering) is a godsend, the color (deep blue pearl) is beautiful, the acceleration is strong and the engine roar is sexy (too bad I'm still breaking it in, so nothing over 5000 rpm yet), and the safety and interior features are very well designed. I personally liked how the manual drove on this car than the 2006 325xi, and the Quattro system is much better. I think this car is a keeper!", 'favorite': 'Steering wheel, color, handling, engine power (200 hp feels like a lot!), smooth clutch, safety features, large cargo space (for this size car), beautiful interior full size spare, Quattro AWD system.'}, {'date': '11/01/2006', 'text': 'I have only logged 400 miles but I am sold on the A4. The car is a pleasure to drive and much sportier than expected. I shopped the 3 series as well and dollar for dollar the A4 just felt like the better package. It is hard to explain but just feels good to drive this car. It has multiple personalities based on the way you shift the automatic but all are enjoyable. I like to use the manual mode to get to speed quickly and then shift to D. The car really rewards you when you hit the back roads it feels stuck to the road but rides very comfortably. As far as the interior goes it is nearly perfect from an ergonomic stand point and I love the bluetooth with my Blackberry 8700. ', 'favorite': 'I love the red with black leather very sporty. Bluetooth was not on my list but I have found it to be awesome. Seat heaters have already been tested and work perfectly. I have the base stereo and think it is outstanding. Front seats have tons of travel and accommodate my 6\'5" son comfortably. '}, {'date': '10/28/2006', 'text': 'Does everything well. I enjoy driving this car. Gets great gas mileage, no turbo lag, amazing handling. ', 'favorite': 'Quattro, 2.0 fsi turbo engine, handling, comfort, fit and finish.'}, {'date': '10/15/2006', 'text': "Awesome car that handles like its on rails. The new 2.0T transmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need. The car's interior is top-notch. All in all, a wonderful car for the price. ", 'favorite': '6-speed manual, handling, sport suspension, xenon headlights, layout of the cockpit.'}, {'date': '10/10/2006', 'text': 'I leased the Audi A4 2.0T CVT with premium package and I was amazed by the powerful engine, fuel economy and interior quality. It is fun to drive and a very good looking car. ', 'favorite': 'Build quality, performance, fuel economy, style.'}]
2007_audi_a6 - [{'date': '02/16/2009', 'text': "I had an Audi A6 2.7 2000 which I loved and was very much the sports car. The A6 3.2 2008 is not as sporty but is a great car to drive. The sound system is the best I've ever owned. The gas mileage is unbelievable with in city averaging over 21 and highway over 30. The car is great car for trips and would highly recommend it to anyone. ", 'favorite': 'The sound system which you can control whether it is front, back or driver. '}, {'date': '11/25/2008', 'text': "The A6 4.2 is my first German luxury sedan, having previously enjoyed both Volvo and Acura sedans. The A6 clearly outclasses, and out-performs, these models, as it should for its premium price. Overall, I am very pleased with this car after 20,000 miles. It has been mechanically sound, is safe and comfortable, has classic euro lux sedan good looks, and delivers great performance. Two things have really impressed me. First, the quattro AWD -- it performs in all weather conditions;I won't have another car without AWD. Second, fuel economy - it is very good for a powerful V8, I often get 26-28 on the highway even when I'm pushing the pace. The navigation and MMII systems are lackluster.", 'favorite': 'Looks, performance, safety, the A6 is near perfection in size, comfort, quality, and attention to detail. The quattro AWD is terrific. The 19" alloy wheels are stunning and really give the A6 a wow factor. The same for the interior - it\'s form and function is impressive.'}, {'date': '11/24/2008', 'text': 'This is my 2nd certified used Audi A6, the 1st was an Avant that I kept until 185,000 miles and it still drove like new. This 2007 certified used Audi had 27,000 miles when I bought it and I haven\'t had a single problem. All the power I can use and all I do is think about passing and the next thing I know I\'m past in absolute silence and total control. The brakes are amazing, but rather touchy and take some getting used to. I average 27 mpg and 32 on the highway doing 70-75. Nav is fast, accurate and easy, Bose radio rocks, steering and handling great. My speedometer is 3 mph fast and the front cupholders aren\'t great - otherwise nothing compares for this 6\'2" 220 pounder', 'favorite': 'Engine/trans; Quattro; Nav; stability, handling, smoothness and quiet at all speeds; mileage and gas tank size; strong brakes with brake assist; comfort; reliability; interior and exterior styling - so - just about everything'}, {'date': '06/15/2008', 'text': 'My car is actually the Audi A6 2.0 TSI and it has what it takes to make it big among its German stablemates. The design flair is obvious; keep it conservative, but let it age with style. The build quality has improved from my 2000 Audi A6 with the feel of this car leaning more towards the A8 than it does to the A4. The handling is still nimble and oh so much fun in S-shift, especially when taking off at the lights. The Jekyll and Hyde personality shift is scary! The sound system is pure pleasure and adds to the ambience of the car... that is, until things start going wrong.', 'favorite': 'Very sexy design, with the rear end challenging the beauty of Eve. Leg room at the back is expansive. The boot is ginormous. The seats are comfy and the MMI is very intuitive. The burble of the engine, and its roar when it opens up... MMM!'}, {'date': '03/10/2008', 'text': 'Took delivery Jan 28, 07. Car was delivered spiffy clean and sparkling. So far, no serious defects of any kind - rather amazing in a complex machine. Only a few minor complaints: front cupholders could use redesign - one is under the armrest, which needs to be lifted to use cupholder. Windshield wiper moisture sensors work but not precisely enough - you need to "help" them along sometimes. Occasionally, there is a very slight hesitation when starting up from idle - seems to have lessened as time goes by - maybe I am getting used to it?? Very slight rattle in glove box door- needs adjustment?. Thats IT!! This is a "serious" car - took fanatical attention to detail to build. Fun to drive.', 'favorite': 'Attractive styling and general appearance, good handling, excellent gas mileage, engine power - excellent for a mid-size six, wood trim is beautifully made, MMI is easy to use in spite of what some say. '}, {'date': '02/16/2008', 'text': "When I took delivery of my car and the brakes were very loud the salesman told me this was just a temporary problem and would go away-it has only been worse. Srevice dept reply-brakes squeak. My 4 other vehicles do not have squeaky brakes. The worst problem however is the delayed acceleration at slow speeds. I will not let other family members drive this car, it is not safe and again the service reps say that's just the way it is! I will never buy another. I own 2 Lexuses and have had no problems that were not taken care of ditto that for the 2 BMWs. Audi's indifference to these acknowledged problems is beyond belief.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '08/16/2007', 'text': "I researched all german and japanese sedans in the $40,000 to $60,000 range and Audi was one of the last I drove. I have been driving BMWs since the late 70s owning the 3 and 5 series. Audi's A6 reliability got better reviews the last few years so I checked it out. It's very nimble, powerful and just plain fun to drive, plus it's stylish. Being a female, color is important and I love the amaretto interior. Bose sound system cranks too. ", 'favorite': 'Can shift into manual mode. Very responsive and good in snow. Stylish and the interior is attractive and very european.'}, {'date': '05/19/2007', 'text': "I've driven Acuras for 15 years (Vigor, TL) and loved them. My new 2007 A6 4.2 is my first German car, and I love it. I wanted a 4WD vehicle with large engine and room to fit my bike. I started looking at the BMW X5, Acura RL and MDX, and the Lexus RX. I liked the X5 a lot, but really preferred a sedan. When I discovered the A6 had 350 hp, beautiful interior, and an enormous trunk, I was in. My test drive sealed the deal. I've had the car for 6 weeks and 1,400 mi, and am loving every minute. It's fun to drive with tons of power and lots of class. I'm sure I'll feel some pain in the wallet for service, but Audi's service contract eases that a bit. A big thumbs-up for Audi!", 'favorite': 'Excellent driver ergonomics. Fine exterior styling. Solid feel. Huge trunk with fold-down rear seats. Power to spare.'}, {'date': '05/13/2007', 'text': 'I have had this car for 3 months and 2100 miles, city and highway driving. It is easy to maneuver, solid in good and bad weather, very comfortable and very stylish. The MMI has become second nature and is really a lot of fun. The car has computer power that exceeds many desktops. ', 'favorite': 'Pickup, 6 speed, MMI, steering, seats, sound system, sunroof.'}, {'date': '04/07/2007', 'text': 'Excellent design inside and out (understated class). At home at the market or country club. Fit and finish is incredible. The 18" wheels look the best and are surprisingly smooth on the road. Would encourage wheel insurance though as they\'re easy to nick and scuff. Interior screams luxury - well appointed and roomy. MMI control is much easier to learn than critics say.Upgraded Bose audio is concert hall quality with the surround sound selection. Bluetooth works like a dream. Adaptive headlights are very bright. Good acceleration and braking. Quattro AWD gives excellent handling. Tight turning radius for a big car. Trunk is deep and the back seats fold down (!) easily holding golf bags.', 'favorite': 'NAV, MMI, Bose audio, upgraded wheels, fuel economy, interior comfort & quietness, walnut accents, Bluetooth, exterior style, Quattro AWD, cabin air circulation, controls on steering wheel. Power rear sunshade.'}, {'date': '03/22/2007', 'text': "This is a spectacular car, its handling is excellent, and it grips the road like no other car. It is the nicest design, interior and exterior in its class. Very smooth on the road for the front seats, and has been a very reliable car so far. I drive a lot, it has 16000 miles in less then a year, and so far it has not gone for service except for the regular maintenance. Great AWD as well, drives in the snow beautifully, doesn't slip or slide. Great job Audi. ", 'favorite': 'Acceleration, audio system, handling, and AWD. Great on snow and in rain. '}, {'date': '02/25/2007', 'text': 'Excellent car. Have had several Audis. This is the best, even though the others were excellent. ', 'favorite': 'Fit and finish, mileage, safe car feel.'}, {'date': '01/06/2007', 'text': "This is a very impressive car. Love the power in sport mode. Build quality is awesome. Traded a 2006 A3 2.0 with DSG. I miss the lightning quick paddles and DSG would be a great addition to this vehicle. The trunk is huge. I have not tested this, but I am guessing that I could fit 4 golf bags in it. Can't wait to burn up the miles. ", 'favorite': 'Smooth 4.2, technology package, car is extremely user friendly.'}, {'date': '01/02/2007', 'text': 'Since purchase, the car presented steering and eletrical problems. Audi USA claims the vehicle is operating to specs. It drifts left and right. Several alignments and hundreds of dollars later, I just got used to the way it behaves. Electrical problems include warning lights that will not go off. Stereo not working. MMI malfunction. Undercarriage plastic protection ripped off with RAIN WATER. Plastic parts wear off too fast. The AWD feature is very nice and helps with the handling. The interior is very nice. Hopefully Audi will master their product eventually. I will not be a repeat buyer though. Front bumper comes off when parking.', 'favorite': 'Interior, phone handsfree, Quattro, seats.'}, {'date': '12/20/2006', 'text': 'This car does everything well. The technology integrated into the vehicle and build quality are superb. ', 'favorite': 'S Line package, Bose sound system, 40 valve V8, cruisetronic, keyless go, navigation, quattro'}, {'date': '11/10/2006', 'text': 'This car is soooo awesome. It drives like a dream. The luxury amenities are truly luxurious. The nav is awesome. The capability of calling friends by voice command and bluetooth technology will allow me to never get a ticket. It is so beautiful both on the inside and the outside. I am having so much fun figuring out how to use the console to its fullest potential.', 'favorite': 'The beautiful yellow wood interior and the console, sirius radio and the nav system.'}, {'date': '10/15/2006', 'text': 'The Audi A6 3.2 Quattro S-Line virtually embodies my vision of what a luxury performance sedan should be. Quattro four-wheel-drive provides incredible control, handling, and steering through curves and around corners. S-Line suspension gives "on-rails" feeling. Averaging 22 mpg, while driving it "passionately." Stunning and comfortable interior, with full array of electronics: excellent bluetooth (Treo 700p worked from the start); navigation system (small additional display in front of driver allows larger screen to be freed from map-use), which has been dead-on accurate; wonderful climate system and heated seats bottoms and backs. I love looking at it.', 'favorite': 'Six speed tiptronic transmission can be used in "D" (fuel-efficient gradual acceleration), "S" (very fast acceleration), or shift-for-yourself modes. A bluetooth that mated with my phone in love-at-first-sight fashion. S-Line sport suspension matches handling of my BMW 3-series.'}, {'date': '09/25/2006', 'text': "The first thing that is great about the car is its elegant interior, I've owned BMWs and Lexus and MBZs and they all come in a distant second to the interior. The sure footedness of its all wheel drive makes it a fun car to drive, yet not stiff and rugged like it's german relatives. This vehicle is not the quickest off the line but the real world does not live in the 0-60 realm, it is in real driving situations where this car exceeds expectations. The MMI took a while to learn, but who needs it when you have the voice activated commands?", 'favorite': 'Believe it or not my favorite feature are the hooks in the trunk. The Nav is also a favorite if mine.'}, {'date': '09/16/2006', 'text': "Fast, quiet, responsive, well appointed, bells and whistles aside, I love going to work now. The mountain freeway I drive to and from work is fun now, for the first time in 25 years. It's taking me a little time getting used to the differences of driving from my old car, and 1995 Jeep, where my legs go down in from of me and the steering wheel isn't between my knees. The 2007 A6 is a race car. It hunkers down into turns asking me to push the gas peddle a little further down, as if it wants to go faster. The car has a quality that puts it in a class with any other more expensive car on the road. Consumer reports for the 2007 Audi A6 will be all good, I believe. I couldn?t be more impressed.", 'favorite': 'Fuel economy with great powerful performance. Grip in turns and high speed. Bluetooth cell phone. Fit and finish inside. Everything seems to be well thought through. Beautiful engineering is the word for this car. The engineers who designed this car, did so because of their love affair with it.'}, {'date': '09/03/2006', 'text': "I agonized over this car for months Audi vs BMW vs Lexus vs Acura... I am defiinitely very happy. The V8 is quick off the line but is more appreciated when passing on the freeway. S line handling and paddle shifter are fun but not mandatory. New addition is the review camera - which becomes important in the city (bumpers not made for love taps). Interior comfort very similar to the A8. The car is awesome. The Nav is easier to use than BMW. Decent mpg for a V8. The brakes could be a more responsive. Apparently they didn't make too many of the V8 A6s - usually are ordered only - and so you wind up paying more for it (just 1k under MSRP) but is definitely worth it. ", 'favorite': 'Looks, luxury, interior and exterior lighting, tech package, nice sunroof, great seats, large trunk space, review camera, the sound of the V8.'}]
2007_audi_a8 - [{'date': '04/25/2009', 'text': 'The Audi A8 Sport is one of the most aesthetically pleasing cars I have ever seen. The real surprise however is the combination of ride, quiet and predictable handling in all conditions with high limits for a vehicle of this size and class. I expected competence, but I was surprised by the "fun to drive" aspects of this car. The longer I have owned the vehicle, the better it gets. I drove the MB, Jaguar, BMW and Lexus - there was no question before I purchased the car which one I preferred - but I am even more convinced now that I have more than 14,000 miles on the vehicle and continue to explore its capabilities. I hope Audi doesn\'t change much before I am ready for my next one!', 'favorite': 'Motor and transmission are so well suited to each other that they always seem to find the correct gear/revs with no effort on my part. The ride and handling compromise is a close second that goes well with the rock solid chassis.'}, {'date': '03/08/2009', 'text': 'The A8 never fails to amaze us. On a recent vacation we drove 700 miles north and on the way the kids never asked "Are we there yet?" once. The car is so relaxing to travel in and makes any journey comfortable. The gas mileage is equally impressive, on our vacation we averaged 28 mpg and drove most of the way at 80 mph. The 350hp direct injection 4.2L V8 has immediate power and even more refinement. The MMI is easy to use and just makes sense. We looked at the Lexus LS460, but it felt big, heavy, and was worse to drive than the old LS430; the Lexus had too many features and had millions of buttons. The 2007 BMW 750i had the stupid I-drive and the S550 was too expensive. The A8 is brilliant. ', 'favorite': 'The engine, rear legroom, seats, suspension, steering, looks, quality, MMI, and more.'}, {'date': '03/31/2008', 'text': 'I\'ve owned a 1979 5000S and a 2002 A4 1.8T, among other makes/models. This car is truly "the ultimate driving machine" bar none (sorry BMW). I\'ve blown away many wanna-be\'s in BMW\'s from 3-series up to the 7-series on both highway and backroads with this baby and it\'s never misbehaved or thrown me a surprise. Incredible power, positive steering, and an amazing ride.', 'favorite': 'The power of the W12, fantastic feedback from the road. Stereo is amazing, Ipod interface is great.'}, {'date': '03/28/2008', 'text': 'This car represents the perfect blend between luxury accomodations and sporty performance. While other luxury cars (S550, BMW750 & lS460)seem to be good in some areas and weak in others, the A8 is excellent in every single area and weak in none. The ride is superb, design flawless and the handling is simply amazing, extremely nimble for a large car. The attention to detail is impeccable everywhere you look and the ergonomics is simply fantastic. The interior will put "anything" south of 200K to shame. These days I find myself running more errands. I wonder why..', 'favorite': 'Engine growl, real world hwy economy (27mpg), sweet handling, Amaretto wood trim interior, seamless bluetooth synch (makes uploading and importing phone book contacts) a breeze, voice activated controls especially for nAV and telephone. Super accurate distance markers in backup camera'}, {'date': '12/24/2007', 'text': "My black on black A8L is built like a bank vault, is quiet except when accelerating, when it has a nice little throaty tone. I've had an A6 2.7 which was fun; still have an A6 4.2, (2002) which is still solid and fun to drive. I had a 2006 A8L, which was great, but the 07 car is even better. It is understated, sumptuous, quick, and solid. Everything one could want.", 'favorite': '19 inch wheels, better than 18 inch. I had 18 inchers, but these are much firmer. Ventilated seats are a must. IPod connection is neat. Ventilation and A/c is strong and solid.'}, {'date': '07/23/2007', 'text': "I have owned Jags, Mercs, BMW, and Cadillacs and they all have their outstanding features. The regal look of the Jag, the comfort of the Merc and the Cadi's smooth ride. The Audi L W12 (my first) took the best features of luxury automobiles in its class and built a car that has lived up to my expectations. Yes the car has a six figure price tag fully loaded; however the car delivers on all its promises and gives the driver a senseof royalty without being to flashy. Would it be fair to say that I am an Audi man for life? YES!!", 'favorite': 'Love it all.'}, {'date': '06/01/2007', 'text': 'This is my third Audi, and I find them to be a superb balance between a luxury and sporty design philosophy. The vehicle feels like a smaller, more nimble vehicle, but has more room than practically anything else in this segment. The interior design and fit and finish are best in class. The S8 variant is an attractive alternative, but we also had a sporty car in the garage, and decided to go with the long wheel base and the extra rear leg room which precludes the S8 package. But, I also feel the extra length gives the car a more flowing appearance in the side view. Fuel economy is what you expect in this class, and when considering the performance (and the way I drive), it is rather good.', 'favorite': 'The B&O sound system sounds like it should for the price. The dual pane side glass makes this car quieter than my 04 A8L. And the rear camera plus parking sensors is a nice combination when backing up around pets and kids. '}, {'date': '03/20/2007', 'text': "I looked at all the luxury models in this class, this car can't be touched for the money you pay. It's all I expected and more! ", 'favorite': 'I just love the look of the car, plus knowing the the car is all wheel drive.'}, {'date': '03/05/2007', 'text': 'This car drives like a sports car and has the luxury you wish was in other sports cars. It has great speed and acceleration and can turn with ease. The leather seats are just fantastic for comfort.', 'favorite': 'Massage chair.'}, {'date': '02/08/2007', 'text': "I love this car! After driving a Jaguar for 3 years I was able to see the difference with my first test drive. This car is wonderful. The fit and finish is second to none. The drive is terrific and the quality of the leather and wood cannot be matched, other then perhaps a Rolls Royce. The power is great and the looks equate to understated elegence. Every two or three years I purchase or lease a different type of luxury vehicle. I truly believe from now on I will always purchase an Audi. It's a great car!", 'favorite': 'Nav system, 18 way driver and passenger seats, interior lighting system and entire computer system.'}, {'date': '02/01/2007', 'text': 'The Audi A8L is the perfect vehicle for me. I drive about 50k miles per year between North Carolina and northern VA/DC and it can get very tiring in the wrong kind of car. The Audi is fun to drive and is very quiet and comfortable. The quattro drive is great when there are some icy conditions on the VA highways. The bluetooth connection with my phone works superbly and keeps my attention on the road while driving. The rear camera and front and rear parking sensors are very handy when parking and backing out of crowded parking garages. The rear seat area is very spacious and will seat 3. The rear leg and shoulder room is unbelievable. I can easily fit my 2 biggest clients back there.', 'favorite': 'Rear camera, front and rear parking sensors, quietness, smooth ride, air suspension, interior design, quality of materials, NAV, massage seats, bluetooth, large trunk, large rear seat area, 20" rims, quality of the workmanship (inside and out).'}, {'date': '01/26/2007', 'text': 'I bought this car in October last year; after three months I have yet to find a thing that I don?t like, it took me no time to get used to the mmi, and the voice command is very responsive. I got the black/ black in and out which shows the crafty, style and quality more apparent. I like the A8 that much? Now, I am dreaming the S8!', 'favorite': 'The air suspensions, the small but strong V8, the quattro awd.'}, {'date': '01/11/2007', 'text': 'This car is beautiful, inside and out. It feels classy rather than flashy. We just had a major snowstorm here in Seattle and while everyone else, including lots of 4wd SUVs skidded off the road, I drove right home! ', 'favorite': 'I love the advanced key, new engine, backup camera, quattro, and all the clever little touches that you only realize once you live with it. Huge trunk, and super comfortable seats. Seat heaters are very nice and get quite warm unlike many other cars.'}, {'date': '01/02/2007', 'text': 'Purchased in Sept 2006. Third Audi I\'ve bought in past 4 years. A6 2.7T and A6 4.2 and now this A8L. I still have the A6 4.2, which is 4 yrs old and in top shape with 54000 miles on it. No problems. The new A8 is rock solid, and just as peppy as the A6. Interior is absolutely top quality. MMI is a bit daunting for me, but I am working through it. (Never had one before.) I think the side mirrors could be a bit larger, but I love everything else, including the massage seats and front and back "radar" for parking. I will buy another in 3 or 4 years.', 'favorite': 'Audi parking system, voice-activated systems, massage seats.'}, {'date': '11/30/2006', 'text': "I just picked up my A8L 4.2 V8 2 weeks ago and it is THE most luxurious car I've ever owned. The attention to detail of the interior leather and wood is sheer perfection. The drive is amazingly smooth but as precise as a surgeons scalpel. I can't believe that a large luxury car like this handles so well. Not to mention the all wheel drive gives me a feeling of confidence on the road that is a true benefit. Mine is Black with Amaretto Leather and the B & O stereo! The rear seat room is amazing and my girls love the power rear seats!", 'favorite': "The Bang & Olufsen stereo in unlike anything I've ever heard in an automobile. Mark Levinson and Harman Kardon don't even come close to this one!!! A must for anyone who loves music in its truest form."}, {'date': '11/18/2006', 'text': 'The most beautiful car I\'ve ever owned. Stunningly luxurious interior, classy exterior, polished demeanor, great acceleration from 350hp V8, dazzling 19" wheels that turn heads, super attention to detail, nimble handling that belies its size, and so much more. I bought it last week, and already took it across the state line!', 'favorite': 'Retractable navigation system, wheels, endless luxury features (such as "Advanced Key", Alcantara door inserts, power rear sunshade, massaging/ventilating/ heating seats, etc.), power from silky-smooth V8.'}, {'date': '11/11/2006', 'text': 'I purchased my A8 on 11/04/06. This is not the long wheelbase model but the shorter A8. If my dealer told me the truth this the only A8 in the Audi Central Region with the 20" Sport Package. The car is not only a knock out in looks but a blast to drive. Great performance plus all the luxury you could ever want. I traded in a 2006 Infiniti M45 Sport so you know I had to go some to find a better vehicle! Audi needs to advertise this model more.', 'favorite': 'FSI V8 (350 HP), Quattro, 6 speed auto with shift paddles on the steering wheel, 16 way seats with 4 memory positions for driver & passenger, Nav system, AM/FM/Sirius/6 CD changer 350 watt Bose stereo, 4 position air suspension, 275 X 35 X 20" Pirelli P Zero tires on 20" by 9.5" rims and on and on.'}, {'date': '07/14/2006', 'text': 'This car is what luxury cars are all about. The interior fit/finish is second to no car on earth. The exterior design is flawless, even the grille is growing on me. The incredible power of the W-12 powertrain is nothing short of amazing. The ride and handling balance is perhaps best in class. I absolutely love it.', 'favorite': 'Rear fridge, W-12 power, 20" wheels, interior/exterior fit/finish, ride/ handling, quiteness etc, everything'}]
2007_audi_q7 - [{'date': '07/26/2009', 'text': 'We have had a vastly different experience to many of the recent posts. We have had this car for nearly 2 years and have had no defects or problems. The engine, MMI system, tires etc have all been faultless. The car is extremely comfortable and surprisingly easy to drive given its size. In fact, we are considering purchasing another Audi due to our satisfaction. Perhaps we just got lucky, but this vehicle has been terrific for us. Prestigious, stylish, comfortable, and reliable. If it got 10mpg more in the city it would be perfect!', 'favorite': 'Style, prestige, sunroof, ease of driving, back-up camera, quattro all wheel drive, feeling of safety and security when you are behind the wheel, reliability.'}, {'date': '07/05/2009', 'text': 'I just spent almost $2000 to replace the brakes & rotors and the tires on my Audi Q7, which is only two years old and has only 18,000 miles on it. I called the Audi dealership, and they said I must "drive the car hard." They also said they see plenty of Q7s that need brake replacements at 18K. I\'m a middle aged housewife--not a teenage speed racer who slams on the brakes; I\'m more like Driving Miss Daisy. After reading many reviews, I have found out that many other owners have had to do the same "routine maintenance" during the course of their leases. Unfortunately, the $500 maintenance package that I bought when the lease started only covers oil changes. Luxury Jiffy Lube.', 'favorite': 'None. My "cost to own" has overshadowed anything that I thought was good about this car. '}, {'date': '06/25/2009', 'text': "I've experienced an unnerving hesitation occurs at low speeds (ex.) parking lots or left turns when a full stop is not required. The accelerator must be pumped several times before the engine responds. Dangerous at times so I've learned to adapt to the quirk. Audi has looked at the car twice so far and says there is no apparent problem and my experiences can't be duplicated. Don't find it to be particularly nimble (unfair comparison, perhaps to my previous MDX) Very quiet and luxurious with very good visibility. ", 'favorite': 'Wonderful driver-side seat adjustments. Comfort and classy appearance.'}, {'date': '04/28/2009', 'text': 'Important to note: I am a grandma and a teacher. I do not speed. I always take my car for service promptly! I am absolutely outraged with the quality of this car. I only have 19,000 miles and I need a NEW ENGINE. How ridiculous is that! This vehicle has had many faults. One example is that emergency brake locked on me while I was driving on the freeway, very scary. Other defects: Window mechanism broken on both front windows -Molding coming off -headlights fogged from inside -bad brakes. BE AWARE...the blue-book price has drastically decreased FIFTY Percent. Overall, DON?T buy an AUDI! I wish I never did!!! ', 'favorite': 'Moon roof'}, {'date': '04/21/2009', 'text': "Despite meaningful price-incentive at purchase, discount can't make up for poor quality and ongoing issues. Brakes and tires needed replacing at ~25K mi in response to which dealer congratulated me for outlasting the average (most customers only get 22K out of both at best)... Reason: heavy weight. Quickly upgraded tires (they were pathetic in snow/ice - seems insane for an AWD SUV) but had to stick with same (lousy) brakes due to some proprietary sensors (anyone test this theory?). Sunroof rattles, steering wheel vibrates at 70 mph, 2nd row seat rattles like a 15-year old Chevy pick-up. Dealer happy to keep trying to fix but sick of driving A4 loaners.", 'favorite': '- Large interior - Interior look & feel - Great on the highway (100 mph is no problem) - Snow performance (with new tires)'}, {'date': '04/09/2009', 'text': 'Very nice looking car but brakes have been squealing since the day I bought it. Resurfaced twice. At 15K service told me I needed new brakes at the cost of $2k. Said they changed the warranty on brakes to 12K miles and I see why now. Neither Audi nor dealership were helpful just basically said "sorry". From what I understand there have been many brake problems in this vehicle. Brakes still squeal. Terrible customer service from Audi headquarters and dealership and obviously do not stand behind their vehicles. It is a fun car to drive but for the money I spent you would expect high quality and customer service. Fuel economy bad even for an SUV. DO NOT BUY THIS VEHICLE.', 'favorite': 'Fun to drive.'}, {'date': '02/13/2009', 'text': "This is my 3rd Audi. I have owned an A4 and currently still own an A6. I am disappointed in the reliability and quality of the Q7. I have only 28,000 miles on this car and brakes are already going. The tires also need to be replaced. I have never owned a vehicle where the brakes and tires went bad at such low mileage. The engine sounds like it is struggling all of the time and is sounding more and more like a pick-up truck and not an Audi SUV. We spent the extra money for the keyless start and it doesn't work when it is cold out. I think the quality of Audi's have definitely decreased.", 'favorite': 'Drives great in the snow and the car looks great on the exterior. '}, {'date': '02/04/2009', 'text': 'Our 3rd Audi. This one is just not up to what we had expected. Example - the gas door feels and works like a Yugo. Instrument panel is directly under cup holders and any spills screw up the audio. $800 to fix and not covered by warranty. Service has declined dramatically over the years. It feels like they are trying to wring every dime they can from us at every chance. Not much different than most but different than our past experience. Have had for 1.5 years and seems like there is always some little thing wrong. Engine is great, great on snow. If I had it to do over again I would get the GL 450 or 550. The Acura is more reliable but does not drive as well or turn as sharply. ', 'favorite': 'The best SUV we tried on snow (important in Alaska). Turning radius is better than others we tried. Performance is nice for an SUV. Ride is better than all but the GL450 and perhaps X5. '}, {'date': '01/20/2009', 'text': 'The Q is my 3rd Audi. The car has good performance and room inside. As my wife says, "this thing can turn on a dime and give you change." It does have a great turning radius for this size of car. Mileage stinks (gets about 14/gal). Great handling on snow/ice in the mountains of Colorado. Had to replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at the tune of $1200. Dealer said this was a common problem on this car. No warranty coverage. Just take it out of the pocket. This should really be a recall issue but I\'m sure Audi won\'t step up to the problem.', 'favorite': 'Turning radius, handling, room.'}, {'date': '01/07/2009', 'text': "I traded in a lemon 2002 A6 in for the Q7. Within 2 months of the Q7 purchase, the windshield wipers collided during a bad rainstorm on the highway. After 5000 miles the power lift gate stopped working and the back seat wouldn't lock into place. After 19000 miles, the tires needed to be replaced for $1200. Then at 28000 miles the brake warning light came on, $1700 to replace the brakes and rotors. There was a leak in the sunroof and mold started to grow on the drivers side carpet. Great looking cars, very poor reliability and very expensive to keep up. From now on, I'm spending a little more for another BMW. There is a reason you see many more older BMWs than older Audis on the road.", 'favorite': 'The styling, technology, comfort.'}, {'date': '11/15/2008', 'text': 'I enjoy driving the Q7 and it is a well built basic SUV. Unfortunately for $60K price tag Audi falls short on customer service and attention to detail. I had serious electrical problems the 1st week I drove out of dealership and the dealer\'s reaction was "so what". They fixed it but it was as if it was expected. Next the battery died several times and had to be jumpstarted. After bringing it in 3 times Audi finally figured out the Software had a glitch. The MMI system(electronic brain) is unsealed and located below the tilted forward cup holders- so if you spill even a little liquid on the shifter the MMI shorts out and it costs $1000 to fix. Audi said not their design flaw my fault. ', 'favorite': 'It is fun to drive and handle very well. All the basic high qulaity aspects of a $60K SUV are there.'}, {'date': '10/29/2008', 'text': "Like many of you I fell in love with the Q7. I've had it a year here's my issues: electrical system went out (brains of the car), fuel gage failed, 3 tire flat tires within 1 year. Also had the same problem as someone earlier as a very small amount of liquid spilled next to the drink cups. It shorted my system to the tune of $1,000. Love the car and hate the car at the same time.", 'favorite': 'Overall look, sunfroof, navigation system, heated seats'}, {'date': '09/11/2008', 'text': "Well, I really felt the need to read everyone else's reviews after bringing my car in to be serviced too many times! I got it brand new fresh from Germany, and love the way it looks & the way it rides, and of course all the bells & whistles but too many problems have occured! It started with the tire pressure light appearing on all the time, which took many 1 hour trips to be serviced only at Audi. Then, the fuel pump went out, took a few days to repair- parts only come from Germany you know- then a faulty back sunroof that let water in which caused me to drive a Grand Prix for a week...are you kidding me? I paid $65,000 to drive a Grand Prix? Needed new tires already, squeeking brakes,", 'favorite': 'Nav, MMI, heated steering wheel, rear camera, keyless start up'}, {'date': '08/13/2008', 'text': 'Bought the top of the line model fully loaded and a year later it has proven to be a piece of junk! Brakes squealing since 5k and Audi is telling us "it is normal and acceptable - just due to the design". Even gave us a fancy printed brochure justifying the squealing! Motor in rear wiper already needed replacement, recall on trunk software, and MMI mysteriously stops working from time to time. Told we will need to replace tires "soon" despite only having 15.8k mi on car and have only owned it one year. Audi has produced a fine looking car but the quality stops there! Do not buy one!', 'favorite': 'Look of the car, sound system (when working)'}, {'date': '06/12/2008', 'text': "Finally plunked down the cash for a German driving machine. Great handling, solid engine, but what a disappointment on the rest. From a jerky transmission (no trouble found of course)and creaky transmission to a $1200 MMI console from 2 drops of water and a door handle that fell off (these last two I hear happen all the time). Finish is falling off the console, cargo net fell off twice, gas door sticks open. I expect far better for this price car. Who is giving this all those 9.5's? Are their cars still in the dealer lot, or did I get a lemon? ", 'favorite': 'Sound system, handling.'}, {'date': '05/12/2008', 'text': "I bought my Q7 brand new and it is my favorite auto I have ever owned. It is responsive in S when you want to feel speed, it has the perfect size inside and out (not too big and not too small). I love the 4 captain chairs and third row just in case we need them. As a new mom, I love the automatic tailgate and smart key: each door unlocking when near without pulling out the key. The best of all is its sexy lines. It doesn't get better than this!", 'favorite': 'Camera, sound system, tailgate, double sunroof and mesh curtains, acceleration in S, solid and safe ride, comfort, technology, bluetooth, iPhone interface and sexy look.'}, {'date': '03/10/2008', 'text': "My Audi Q7 has been the nicest drive for handling, comfort and acceleration! but the electronics have failed since about 3 weeks after I brought it home. When it doesn't work, it doesn't work... no GPS, phone,radio, CD, iPod, nothing. And this was at the same time the steering column got stuck in the down position. While setting my preferred settings I lowered it, it stayed there for a month or so, the service dept fixed it but the rest is a on going mystery!", 'favorite': 'Acceleration on demand! Design and style that capture a second look.'}, {'date': '03/10/2008', 'text': 'I absolutely love my Q7. I will warn you though of a major design flaw. If any of you ever drink a liquid while driving, beware. I spilled the smallest amount of coffee and it shorted out part of my electrical system.This little spill will cost you close to $1000. If you notice, the buttons are directly in front of the cupholders. What was Audi thinking? Now when I have my coffee or water, I put a cloth over the control panel! ', 'favorite': 'Blue tooth, sunroof (wish it would open all the way), heated steering wheel, navigation system, look of the car.'}, {'date': '10/10/2007', 'text': 'After buying a Acura MDX a year ago I traded it for a Q7. Huge upgrade! And basically the same price, no comparison. This was the buying decision I should have made but at the time I was a new SUV driver and the Q7 seemed like a lot of vehicle for me then. I love the Q7, from the interior and exterior foot lights to the powerful but smooth styling. Build quality is exceptional, superb braking and transmission makes for a very safe and smooth ride.', 'favorite': 'Fits like a glove, just a great vehicle to drive. Feels really solid and beautifully build.'}, {'date': '09/04/2007', 'text': 'I love to drive my Audi Q7. It handles like a dream on the highway. The Quattro AWD is the best I have driven for the size of vehicle the handling is nimble.', 'favorite': 'Handling and safety features. The technology package is outstanding.'}, {'date': '07/27/2007', 'text': 'I love the SUV. Audi has done it again. The car is a pleasure to drive. The only problem I had is the air compressor was defective and I could not fill my tire with air when I needed to.', 'favorite': 'I like the extra large and double sunroof.'}, {'date': '07/15/2007', 'text': "I have two children ages 4 and 11 months. There is enough room for one car seat, a booster seat and still room for an adult on the same row! I owned a minivan before, and although there is a little less room in the Q7 it's not by much. Love the way it drives. MMI is really easy to work. The only bad thing is it gets bad gas mileage. But, you have to remember it is an SUV.", 'favorite': 'The seats and the MMI.'}, {'date': '07/13/2007', 'text': "I've been driving mine for about 6 months now and I do love it. It's a lot like driving a loaded A6 (my Q7 is a 4.2 premium). It handles well, accelerates well and is extremely comfortable to drive. The tech bells and whistles offer everything you could need and want. My only complaint with the car is the off-road abilities. Thule doesn't make racks for it and for anyone who is an outdoor enthusiant looking for a more rugged vehicle worthy of hauling bikes, kayaks, etc, you may find yourself a little disappointed. However, some research early on may prove that this is the perfect all around vehicle for you. My wife has a Lexus and i've gone through Land Rovers, BMW X5, Tahoe, etc.", 'favorite': 'Comfort, tech options, feel of driving a car with the space and versatility of an SUV.'}, {'date': '06/04/2007', 'text': "The Audi Q7 3.6 Premium is a beautiful car. I get many people peeking through the windows trying to see the wonderful interior. I also get many compliments on how it looks everytime I go gas it or go to school. I got the Q7 after I traded in my Navigator. I hated how the Navigator drove and looked compared to Q7. The Q7 makes other SUVs look like boxes on wheels. The Q7 drives very easy in tight spaces making it feel smaller than it really is. People may think that the MMI will be hard to operate, but it's not. All the rows have comfortable seats, but the third row is hard to get to. The ride is much smoother than the Navigator and goes over rough surfaces very nicely.", 'favorite': 'The MMI, panoramic sunroof, 20" rims, heated seats, 4-zone climate, navigation system, premium Bose stereo, adjusting bi-xenon headlamps, and power liftgate.'}, {'date': '06/03/2007', 'text': 'Purchased 3.6 premium. I love this car! Handles and performs like a sports sedan even though this is a big SUV. Fun to drive!', 'favorite': 'Panorama moon roof and S-line (gotta have it!).'}, {'date': '05/31/2007', 'text': 'This is by far the best SUV on the planet, save perhaps the VW Toureg which is made at the same factory as the Q7. The Q7 is much larger than the Toureg. The quality and ride are just outstanding and in line with the Audi reliability for building world class vehicles. The interior fit and finish are first class, and if you fold down the third row you have incredible storage space. Of course if you fold down the second row also, the storage space is huge. As far as safety goes, the Q7 comes with all the state-of-the-art safety features. This is in line with the safety committments from both Volkswagen and Audi, both of whom are always in the forefront of automotive safety. ', 'favorite': 'The MMI information system which is controlled by a knob, is easy to use. Bluetooth hands free telephone is great.'}, {'date': '05/30/2007', 'text': 'Got a rare S-Line version with factory 21" wheels that are polished on the face and painted grey on the inside. Car looks very menacing all in lava grey. Handles very well, although not quite as quick as our dearly departed Audi allroad 2.7T. But torque is phenomenal. S-Line 3-point steering wheel mounted shift paddles allow for even smoother gear changes than those possible on my DSG equipped Audi TT 3.2Q.', 'favorite': 'Articulated adjustable back seats (in 6 seat config.), 21" wheels and Dunlop Maxx tires, air suspension, keyless entry and start, S-line "macho" look with slight flares on wheel arches, V8 engine sound, Bluetooth phone operation.'}, {'date': '05/29/2007', 'text': "I think this is the most well built and value packed SUV on the market today. I've looked at many others such as the ML500, X5 4.6, Range Rover Sport and GL450 - none of them compared in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, they all have their strengths, but overall I felt the Audi Q7 was the best fit. For the money what you get in the Q7 is an exceptional value. I have enjoyed the drive and find it hard not to drive. I also have a Lincoln Navigator and an Audi A8L - the A8L used to be on the top of my list to drive but this Q7 edges it out ever so slightly. The Navigator was nice but it lacks that European road feel.", 'favorite': 'The engine performace and exhaust note on acceleration, Multi Media Interface, body styling and my iPod interface (thats what put it over the top of the A8L for me).'}, {'date': '05/24/2007', 'text': 'Had a steering column bind, would not adjust. Audi replaced column, works fine now. Mileage is better than I expected, 19.4. Find the cup holders some what clumsy to use. The Bluetooth is great. Had a 2005 Touareg that had front sensors and memory exit seat, miss both of those. Overall well satisfied.', 'favorite': 'MMI system, full sunroof, Bluetooth, brakes, quietness. Side assist, backup camera.'}, {'date': '05/23/2007', 'text': 'Great build quality, this is a really solid vehicle from the heavy feel of the doors to the look and feel of the interior. This is my 4th Audi in a row but first SUV so I really looked at all the options. I think the Audi offers more class, refinement, and style than the rest of the crowd without any serious flaws. If you are not a snob but insist on German engineering and styling, the Q7 comes highly recommended.', 'favorite': 'Performance: firm suspension is just right; transmission is a dream - you forget you have gears; excellent brakes - no unreasonable nose dive under hard braking. Comfort: panoramic sunroof; Bose audio; floor lighting. Emotion: my son\'s first word was "Audi", it takes 20 mins to get him out.'}, {'date': '05/09/2007', 'text': "My family has owned Audis ever since I can remember. There has always been at least one in the family when I was growing up. The second car was an assortment over the years and the Audis always outperformed them. I had to get the Q7 after trading in my A6. Acceleration and fuel economy is pretty good considering the vehicle's size and weight. The interior is impeccable. Everything fits together and the materials are high quality. The three panel sunroof is a definite plus, and even though it is tight, the third row can be handy. Dont use it on a regular basis, but when I'm in a pinch, it works out fine. With the third row folded, the trunk is extremely spacious; the power liftgate helps a lot.", 'favorite': "Three panel sunroof, heated seats in the front row and back row, four zone climate control, MMI system, extravagant interior, and safety. Can't wait for the diesel version to come out. It's supposed to get pretty good fuel economy."}, {'date': '05/09/2007', 'text': "I was previously driving a Mercedes R-350 before the Q7 was out, and when it came out I knew I had to drive it on looks alone. I'm a 27 year old father and when I had to drive the R-350, I didn't enjoy it, because it looked like a minivan and it wasn't fun to drive. The Q7 was so much more masculine looking, it drove better, sat more people and most of all it wasn't a minivan.", 'favorite': 'Quattro all wheel drive, 3rd row seats, Audi side assist, panorama sunroof and blue tooth.'}, {'date': '04/27/2007', 'text': 'I am thrilled with this car. Fun to drive, comfortable for 6 adults, able to tow 6500 lbs., and unique among a sea of lookalikes. The 3.6 performs very well with an assertive growl and silky smooth acceleration. Punch it and it will GO!', 'favorite': 'I love the 6 speed transmission. Extremely smooth. Perfect shift points. Also like the 6 passenger seating in rear - not the standard bench.'}, {'date': '04/23/2007', 'text': 'I\'ve had Audis for years and have always felt secure driving them. I live in a four season climate and have driven in snow and ice storms. This Audi feels very strong to drive and very safe. The "Quattro" system is the best four wheel drive system of any make of automobile in my opinion.', 'favorite': 'The back support and wide mirrors.'}, {'date': '04/20/2007', 'text': 'I\'ve been driving an A6 for seven years and wanted to upgrade to an A8, but the price point was more than I wanted to spend, so the Q7 was a great alternative - A8 size and comfort with the A6 price tag. It is very luxurious inside and out and the 4.2 V8 accelerates nicely, though not as quickly as my A6 2.7T. The 3rd row seat is not for anyone over 5\'3", but I only plan to use it sparingly and it folds down easily to provide ample storage. My golf clubs can fit sideways (unlike in the A6 or A8). One complaint is the ride is a little stiff and I can feel the bigger bumps in the road. I have 20" wheels, but didn\'t opt for the adaptive air suspension (darn). ', 'favorite': 'Well appointed inside - the espresso brown leather looks very rich. Sunroof is huge. Back-up camera is great (I would not have ordered this as an option, but love it.) Side assist is a must in heavy traffic. MMI is easy to learn. 4-zone climate control and heated seats are a hit with my family.'}, {'date': '04/14/2007', 'text': "I've own many different SUVs over the past 12 years from two Fords (Exp), Subaru (B9), Jeeps and even my wife's KIA which was a mistake. The Q7 3.6 premium is fun to drive, responsive but still a SUV (weight). I drove the BMW, Mercedes, and Volvo before I decided on the Q7. The Q7 handles like a heavy sport car as you fill the road a little too much with the 20 inch wheels. The fit and finish is exceptional. A great buy and really fun to drive. Watch your speed, as you may not notice how fast you are going. Options can make the car a little pricey. But you pay for what you get. ", 'favorite': 'Handling, interior, styling, options, over all driving experience.'}, {'date': '04/04/2007', 'text': 'My first Audi and I must say I am very impressed. Now considering adding an S6 or maybe the new S5 to my stable. Driving this 4.2 S-Line makes me feel like a very lucky guy.', 'favorite': "I love the interior and the ergonomics. The whole package is the best of the best and I've looked at them all."}, {'date': '03/28/2007', 'text': "Third row! What third row, you mean you can actually get in it. A child could wiggle in. When the 3rd row is up that it, no space left. For the length of this car, where has all the space gone. As for auto trunk lid. I broke it within 10 minutes. Seriously. Yes I know I should have read all the instructions but I don't expect guests and friends to have read the manual to properly operate the auto trunk lid. This is a huge car with all the space used by the front half while we were buying it for the rear half. Our mistake, please don't make the same one.", 'favorite': 'The front seats as it helps me forget about the two rows behind me.'}, {'date': '03/10/2007', 'text': 'I have owned about 26 cars in my life and several Audis, but this is by far the most complete package, fun to drive, comfortable, well made, vehicle I ever owned. It is a true pleasure to drive, and it is beautiful, inside and out. Everything is well thought as always on Audis. This the best SUV in this class hands down.', 'favorite': 'Voice activation, amazing navigation accuracy, panorama sunroof, removable wet tray under the cargo floor, dual sunvisors, 4 zone climate controls, powerfull V6, beautiful 20" wheels, audi side assist, rear back up camera is amaizing.'}, {'date': '03/10/2007', 'text': "I replaced my 6th GMC Yukon/Denali with this S-Line Q7 and could not be happier. The Q7's build quality is absolutely outstanding and the features are awesome. Vehicle is rock solid on freeway and handles like a much smaller and lighter vehicle. Exhaust note is really fun. My other car (for summer) is a BMW 645 CiC. I'm averaging 15 mpg over 4,000 miles. I can just begin to feel the engine opening up. ", 'favorite': 'Adaptive cruise control is truly unbelievable. Makes my daily commute in stop and go interstate travel a pleasure. Keyless entry is the best invention ever. Sunroof is way cool! I actually love everything about this vehicle'}, {'date': '03/07/2007', 'text': 'Just leased an Audi Q7 4.2. Added dvd nav, sunroof, technology pkg etc. The Q7 is not only a fun drive but secondly also extremely useful in hauling people and stuff comfortably. No problem in terms of accelerating up hills or moving getting around slower vehicles. Interior is one of the finest I have been in with everything laid out nicely and easily reached. The MMI takes a little bit of getting use to but now I have no problems. Fuel mileage isnt great (13 mpg so far) but I doubt anyonewho bought this vehicle is worried about the cost of filling the tank.', 'favorite': 'Handles great especially with the light snow/ice we have been having. Interior is pleasing. Car is quiet even at high speeds. Giant sunroof adds so much light for those of us in the Northeast.'}, {'date': '03/01/2007', 'text': 'Nothing really to gripe about. Excellent ride, real tight, no rattles. Plenty power and torque. All the bells and whistles. I like it. The styling is growing on me.', 'favorite': 'Back up camera, cup holders, ride and tightness of vehicle. Service has been outstanding!'}, {'date': '02/27/2007', 'text': 'I am amazed at how well car seats fit in the 2nd and 3rd row! This car has been great for my family. The day after we purchased this car it snowed a lot. This SUV handles better in the snow than our other 2 cars, being a Toyota Tundra limited 4x4 and a Jeep Grand Cherokee limited alltime 4wheel drive. The seats are comfortable with different adjustable heat levels. Perfect for a family where one person is hot and the other cold, we each have our own temp. controls! An amazing car! Lots of room and it looks nice too! My only complaint is having a cell phone charger plugged in is slightly awkward. It drives like a car and suv combined. I am so impressed!', 'favorite': '4 climate controls, 3rd row seat, carseats with lots of room, great look, great ride, very quiet!'}, {'date': '02/20/2007', 'text': "I had a loaded 2.7 twin turbo allroad for four years. I started tracking the Pike's Peak concept with great anticipation. I ordered my 4.2 Premium S-line with all the options. Loved the allroad, but the Q7 tops it on all accounts. Exhaust note is powerful when revving it up, yet quiet when featherfooting it. MMI is not as difficult as people think it is. The voice driven system works great and is very accurate. The adaptive suspension goes from low and sporty up to tall and beefy. The sound system is impressive and easily fine tuned. Gotta love a sun roof. Especially one that is over 5 feet long and 39 inches wide. When the motorized screen retracts oohs and aahs are common", 'favorite': 'Looks big, drives small, safety and prevention features everywhere. Smart cup and bottle holders, not flimsy afterthoughts. Smart Key is convenient, it can remotely indicate if you locked up or not via LED. MMI is easy to use compared to tiny little buttons that you must search for on other cars. '}, {'date': '02/17/2007', 'text': 'When you are spending in the range of $55,000 to $65,000 you deserve comfort. I am quite disappointed with the 3rd row. First the 2nd row glide rail is not flush mounted, 2nd getting in to 3rd row is nearly impossible since seat does not retract fully, 3rd there is no room for even feet between two rows. Also no DVD player option.', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '02/13/2007', 'text': 'I have been reading what other people are writing about the Q7 so I thought I would take the time to write one as well. Performance: happens to be really good, it?s a fast car and it sits on the road well. Comfort: I have to say that it has been giving me a really bumpy ride. This weekend I had people in my car and we took a long trip together, and they all complained that it shook them up. Interior design/exterior design: In overall it?s done really well, except for the fact that in the backseat you can?t seat any adults, and when you do put down the seats you get very little room for cargo compared to other SUVs .', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '02/04/2007', 'text': 'I have had my Q for about two weeks. I traded an FX45 for it, which I loved. I wanted something larger, but sexy, alluring, but professional. Audi really did it. I am not saying I am not going to do a few mods (larger tires and rims is all), but it really is a beauty all on its own. I looked at the MDX, VW, another FX, Range Rover Sport, BMW, and Mercedes. I have never felt so much safer and hotter at the same time. A lot of room for my single self and traveling companions. Would make a nice soccer mom look FABULOUS. All the other mommies will be jealous. There is so much room. ', 'favorite': 'The sunroof.. DUH! The speed on the 3.6 is awesome. I love all the tech and comfort add ons, especially the smart key, the 14 speaker BOSE... wow! Also the adapative lighting, rear camera, 4 zone climate control with 4 heated seats (rear ones recline).. '}, {'date': '01/28/2007', 'text': 'After 6 years driving a Lincoln Navigator, the Q7 was a wonderful change. It handles like a sports car; seats are very comfortable; engine and ride are extremely quiet and smooth; luxury features such as MMI, bluetooth, rear camera, air suspension system, large sunroof and sunscreen, and rear hatch are very useful; and the electronic stability system really works - I felt very safe descending a steep, winding, icy road without having to use the brakes. While the purchase price is high, I feel it is worth it. I actually look for reasons to drive this car. My gas mileage is a bit better than estimated: 21.5/highway, 16 city. I have received many compliments on this car.', 'favorite': 'Ride, seat comfort, luxury features, navigational system, bluetooth telephone hooks into your cell phone address book, automatic-sensing windshield wipers, swerving headlights to improve visibility, plenty room for coffee cups, heated seats/steering wheel, air suspension system and safety features.'}, {'date': '11/30/2006', 'text': 'I always expect great cars from Audi. But this was the best surprise. It is a fantastic ride. The comfort, handling and power (from a 6 cyl) is outstanding. This is the best vehicle in its class. ', 'favorite': 'Comfort.'}, {'date': '11/29/2006', 'text': 'I have had my Q7 for about a month now and I love driving this SUV. I got the showroom model so it comes with 20" wheels and alloy rims. The A/C controls are a bit difficult to figure out at first, but once you get the hang of it you will find its usefulness. We have rear climate control, the Bose sound system, power tailgate, Bluetooth, 3rd row seating, and of course the MMI (navi) among few of the features.', 'favorite': "I love the steering after being a former MB owner it was a must! Love all the controls since I'm a parent and need to control some rear functions and the power tailgate is a MUST for all parents."}, {'date': '11/21/2006', 'text': 'We ordered our S-line Q7 in August... well worth the wait! The driving experience is everything we expected and more. The motor sounds authoritative and has plenty of power. Seating is comfortable with plenty of head room for the tall ones. Third row seat is designated for small passengers on short trips. Once we became familiar with the MMI and other options they were very user friendly and worth the time to learn. We live in a warm climate and had solar tint installed on the sunroof which helps with reflective heat. Learned the battery is under the drivers seat and will need to take to dealer to get battery replaced. Why? (Bummer). Overall great ride and meets our expectations on all fronts.', 'favorite': 'Smooth ride with 20" tires. Standard options abound with the MMI. Bluetooth works great! Love the ground effects with the S-Line option (Solid body paint). Rear lift gate is very convenient. 4.2 is responsive on the curvy roads giving the driver confidence with control. Plenty of leg room in front.'}, {'date': '11/19/2006', 'text': 'I bought many SUVs. The Q7 is the best SUV I have driven so far. Great to drive, so comfortable. It is a hybrid of a luxury sedan and an SUV. Even my kids love the comfort of the back seats. Great choice for a family.', 'favorite': 'Interior comfort and handling.'}, {'date': '11/17/2006', 'text': 'Waited two months for it to arrive but it was worth every minute. I agree with most of the other reviews here. The handling is what I am most impressed with. Just does not FEEL like I am driving a large SUV. Steering is precise around residential streets and around the clover leafs at speed. Took my parents out last night. My Mom kept saying "this is so nice!!" My Dad kept saying "I can\'t get over how smooth the acceleration feels". They are both long term Suburban/Yukon owners. Highway mileage about 21. City about 14. Not great but I knew what I was getting. After a month and a half and 2000 miles of driving, I have yet to see another one on the road. I just love that!!!', 'favorite': "Handling, interior comfort, gadgets. Didn't think I would need it, but the backup camera really comes in handy."}, {'date': '11/14/2006', 'text': 'The Q7 has met my hyped up expectations. It\'s a solid ride with premium features you expect from Audi. It has a very thoughtful design, down to the "coming and going" external and internal lighting features. It\'s also easy to see the road in the Q7 unlike some other large SUVs.', 'favorite': 'Great styling, sport handling, satellite radio, bluetooth, NAV system, extended moonroof, two rows of heated seats, optional 3rd row for driving the little ones and friends around in the future.'}, {'date': '11/10/2006', 'text': 'So far I am REALLY happy. This car/SUV is fun and sporty but drives like a luxury sedan. The engine growls but not too loud. I drove the 4.2 (not much more money than a loaded 3.6) and felt the 3.6 was faster, not sure why ,maybe less weight? Better gas mileage too. I also drove the S-line it felt a bit doggie, maybe the suspension or tires? I love the look and feel of the interior and all the bells and whistles especially the keyless entry no more digging in my purse! The MMI takes some getting use to but well worth the time. The only thing I did not like (at first) was the berber carpet so I ordered the all weather mats this made the car look great, now I like the durable berber! ', 'favorite': "Can't think of anything I don't love!"}, {'date': '11/09/2006', 'text': "I got my Q7 3 weeks ago. I used to have BMW X5 and I just could not wait for the next generation due to time restrictions that I had. Q7 is much roomier than X5. Since I have all optional packages, I love to play around. It doesn't ride like SUV but It does not like X5 as well. I am not sure how it will be in snow conditions but I am expecting much better than X5 since Audi has 60/40 split where X5 was more 20/80 split on all wheel drive. So far everything is looking good.", 'favorite': 'Rear view camera, stereo system, Bluetooth and elegant night ride.'}, {'date': '11/08/2006', 'text': 'All I can say that the car looks good inside and out. But unfortunately I had the car less than two weeks and 500 miles, car check engine light came on and the car started to choke and transmission started to stall and oil light came on and its been in the shop for 5 days already and the good part is that they don?t have a clue what is going on with the car. ', 'favorite': 'Features like advance key, back up camera with park assist, Bluetooth, panorama sunroof, and the visual FX of the MMI screen.'}, {'date': '11/02/2006', 'text': "Perfect handling, - feels like a sports car. 0-60 in just 7s. Car itself doesn't feel like a big car. First when I saw it I thought, - oh my God it is too big, but after test drive I fell in love with it. ", 'favorite': 'Almost perfect weight ratio, power of 4.2 FSI, handling, brakes, moon roof + best interior! Love MMI.'}, {'date': '10/16/2006', 'text': "This is one of the best SUVs I have ever driven. During my first test drive I didn't know what to expect but I was shocked. Very comfortable, great handling, nice power (V8) and full of features. You will not be disappointed.", 'favorite': 'Everything.'}, {'date': '10/07/2006', 'text': 'Had to wait 4 months to get this because of the 6 seat configuration and the mfg of the 3.6s but it was well worth the wait. After owning 2 large SUVs (AWD Escalade & 4WD Navigator) neither one can hold a candle to this vehicle. This vehicle handles more like a sports car but on a much larger scale. It will get up and go and the brakes will bring you down in a hurry not to mention a super smooth ride. Adaptive air suspension really makes a difference as well. The interior is very sporty but also luxurious. The premium leather is definite quality. There is nothing about this vehicle that is not first class and I am more than happy with my purchase. The only downfall was the wait time.', 'favorite': 'MMI, Panoramic sunroof, Bluetooth, camera for seeing behind you when in reverse, sound system, and being able to do so much from the steering wheel. '}, {'date': '09/28/2006', 'text': 'I never thought to own an SUV unitl we had a child and we test drove this car. Wow, it feels a lot like my BMW sedan yet has room like an SUV.', 'favorite': 'Acceleration, cornering, grabbing the road'}, {'date': '09/14/2006', 'text': "Just got a fully loaded Q7. Drives very smoothly. Engine sounds great in sports mode. Super comfortable and beautiful interior. If you're into technology - the MMI is great.", 'favorite': 'Smooth servo steering, engine sound, interior, MMI with integrated cell/bluetooth/sirius/nav.'}, {'date': '09/11/2006', 'text': "Got the Q7 about 3 months ago, and love it since. Before I was driving the FX35, which was a bit quicker but you can't really compare the quality and features that come with the Audi. As a surfer, I manage to fit a 9'6 longboard inside the car together with my wife and two kids! A great buy with cool looks.", 'favorite': 'Air suspension, Bluetooth, rearview camera, huge sunroof.'}, {'date': '09/07/2006', 'text': 'Well, so far the Q7 has met my expectations. The handling is smooth, precise and powerful. Found out that my Q7 has no air conditioner for the two seats in the very back when my two nephews sat there last weekend. Bummer. On our trip to Santa Barbara on Saturday the temperature was well over 90 and the sunshade covering the panorama sun roof was doing little to keep the sun and heat out. My head was baking. Why not a solid sun roof cover to keep the sun and heat out? Went to a window tinting place in Van Nuys, CA to have the entire sunroof and the little sun roof at the very back tinted with a new film that has ceramic in it. Cuts the heat but not dark. Seems effective so far. ', 'favorite': 'I love the MMI display for the radio and back up camera. Also love the keyless entry/starter ignition button. I also like the automatic tailgate with the one touch closure. The dash layout is great as is the overall interior design...feels elegant without being over the top.'}, {'date': '08/25/2006', 'text': "Handles like a sports car, or at least better than my previous Infiniti FX, and the FX is SMALLER. Brakes are powerful. Luxury features are everywhere. Engine sounds sweet and it's powerful. MMI system is very logical and easy to use. I can't wait to take it skiing!", 'favorite': '1. Handling 2. Style 3. Features'}, {'date': '08/20/2006', 'text': "I bought my Audi Q7 to replace my Honda Pilot. I needed the extra towing capacity and I wanted a luxury SUV. The Audi Q7 did not disappoint me. The inside is typical Audi, comfortable, quite and well thoughout. The controls are all first rate and the car's performance and handling are top notch. The mileage is averaging about 16.3 mpg in mixed driving. If you select the sport mode on the transmission, it makes a huge performance difference, but it does hurt your mileage. All in all probably the best SUV on the market today.", 'favorite': 'Rearview camera, Bluetooth cell phone interface and the Advance Key are three of my favorite features'}, {'date': '07/28/2006', 'text': "I just got the car a few days ago and it was worth the wait! Having three kids and looking for a luxury and sporty SUV with room for friends is challenging. Audi did it! Not only is the handling fantastic but with the air suspension upgrade, the ride is so smooth. The features for the driver and the passngers are fabulous. Although the third row is too small for an adult, its perfect for kids. Having the sun roof in the rear doesn't make you feel confined as in other 3rd row mid size SUVs. ", 'favorite': 'Love the bluetooth, glass roof and rear camera with the parallel parking assist.'}, {'date': '07/25/2006', 'text': 'I am not an SUV guy, I was looking at an A6 or even an A8. This was responsive and more fun to drive. I made my commute less stressful. I do have some guilt about the mileage after driving an A4, but the visibility sitting up higher made up for that, and the handling kept has all you expect in German Sportiness', 'favorite': 'Handling, all wheel drive and awesome braking'}, {'date': '07/05/2006', 'text': "Simply perfect. However I can't imagine this beast with anything less than a 8 cyl. The mid range torque is a blast in the passing lane.", 'favorite': 'Interior appointments are all luxury. Seats are very comfortable.'}, {'date': '07/02/2006', 'text': "I road tripped the vehicle from Naples to New Smyrna Beach (250 miles each way) the day after I bought it. It was far and away the best driving SUV I've driven to date and I'd dare say it was just about comparable to my 7 series. I only wish it had keyless start/entry.", 'favorite': 'blue tooth'}, {'date': '06/28/2006', 'text': "The Audi Q7 4.2 is a drivers car. It feels just like an Audi sedan. The power is impressive as well as the fit and finish. Don't expect too much in the way of mileage, but with an SUV what do you expect. The car is heavy but feels really light and nimble. It's exceeded all my expectations. ", 'favorite': 'Power and driving dynamics.'}, {'date': '05/06/2006', 'text': "Quattro-the most trustable all wheel drive system 350 hp with 325 torque gives an amazing performance. Most important, driving this big SUV feels like driving a sedan, not a truck at all. I love the interior, fit and finish, high quality materials with real wood and stainless steel and the exterior design is bold and elegant. I don't think there is anything better out there.", 'favorite': ''}]
2007_audi_rs4 - [{'date': '05/24/2008', 'text': "Great car. It really is a great package, sports car performance with room for 5. Though the rear seats are tight, there fine for my 3 younger children. Great performace, engine, brakes, handling, does all very well. I like the 08 M3 coupe, but it only seats 4, and the 08 M3 sedan looks too much like a plain 3 series. Audi hit a bulls eye with styling for a 4 door car. Bulging wheel flares remind me of a mid 1980's 911 Turbo. Audi builds a great car, and the RS4 is a total package of performance, quality, and style.", 'favorite': 'Awesome, almost freaky motor. Love how this V8 revs to 8200 rpm. Subtle but aggressive styling inside and out. I get 17 city 22 highway, when I stomp on it I get around 15 overall, I think thats great for a 420 hp engine.'}, {'date': '10/30/2007', 'text': "It is difficult to find any fault with this extremely well engineered car. Its DRC offers a very compliant ride when desired, but stiffens in the corners for confident handling in aggressive mode. The engine is superb and an aftermarket exhaust system (several are available) actually makes meaningfully more power. Its redline is 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm range. Winter handling with winter tires is exceptional and the car is on rails in hard packed snow. The design is distinctive even compared to current model A4s. Perhaps the only thing that I would change is the seat height, which does not lower sufficiently for me (I am 6').", 'favorite': 'Engine, engine, engine! Quattro with its rear bias is also terrific. '}, {'date': '08/04/2007', 'text': "Coming from an 2005 S4, my 07 RS4 is a completely different beast. Has more power, much better suspension, looks better, feels better, just a better car and yes you pay for it. However, I would like to see more power because people who buy RS4s crave power and 420hp just isn't enough once you get used to it.", 'favorite': 'Exhaust note, suspension, blue tooth, wheels, engine block look, color (phantom black), tail pipes.'}, {'date': '07/31/2007', 'text': ' I would have to say that this car is the most practical performance saloon on the market today. The amount of power you get from that 4.2litre V8 is astonishing. The handling far surpasses anything else in this range. Audis of old used to be really nose heavy and the understeer alot, but with this one you really have the confidence to shove it into the bends. I think this car is better than an M3.', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '07/05/2007', 'text': "This car is just ridiculous! You can carry a family comfortably in it and still will blow ANYONE off the line. I had an S4 before this and it's well worth the investment. The best way to describe this car is an S4 on steroids. I haven't had any problems with this car and didn't have any with my S4 either. Take care of the car and it will take care of you for sure. No one ever needs a car this fast, but why not have it anyway.", 'favorite': "The 'S' button or the Spaz button, the acceleration and the brakes are my favorites. Acceleration is sweet but if you can't stop on a dime, you're going to be in trouble at some point."}, {'date': '06/17/2007', 'text': 'This car is all that is "cracked up" to be; they put all their eggs into this automobile. It handles like a scapel and is so quick, that I have never had this kind of thrill. I have had an M3 and a 1997 911 and no car ever has delivered like this one. Worth the money and what you can expect to get in mileage with this kind of power.', 'favorite': 'Looks, interior and power ratio with the 60% 40% Quattro.'}, {'date': '04/22/2007', 'text': "I've owned a total of 4 different Audis based on the A4 so far, a 1.8T, a 2.8, an S4 and now an RS4. Clearly, the RS4 is vastly superior to the earlier cars (surprise, surprise). Huge fun to drive, awesome acceleration, outstanding handling & stopping power - at the same time comfortable, fine for everyday driving, it easily seats four people. Still in lust with it after a year or so of owning it... a total sleeper... it doesn't turn heads until you stomp it. Then - it moves.", 'favorite': "The engine... there's nothing like 420hp and an 8000rmp red line in a small sedan. Love that it comes with a lap timer. And, of course, the Recaro leather & carbon interior."}, {'date': '02/20/2007', 'text': 'I have 6000 miles on my RS4 with no vibrations, no oil consumption, and no questions of build quality. The car is just wonderful. Power is smooth and a lot of it there. I am averaging up to 25 MPG hwy @ avg speed of 79 MPH. I want my gas guzzler tax back! The car handles very well for a 4000 lb vehicle. The 60/40 front/rear Quattro bias is great. I have yet to feel front torque steer which I found quite often on my B6 S4. On the street/highway the car is perfect. On the track the DRC with the 400 lb spring rates is inadequate (Esses @ Infineon). The brakes are not meant for track use and the pad wear will be a problem. Replacement pads and rotors are not cheap. ', 'favorite': 'Smooth acceleration. Quattro, 420 hp, and winter tires in the snow!'}, {'date': '01/20/2007', 'text': 'Having previously owned an LS 400 Lexus, BMW 325 and the S4 2005 model, I find that the Audi RS4 without any doubt it is the most exciting and most comfortable car I\'ve had the pleasure to drive. The interior design is exquisite and the aggressive exterior finishes this car superbly. Then of course there is the V8 4.2 FSI engine which tops it all with that "purfect" sound to go with it. A wee bit on the expensive side but I truly believe one gets what one pays for with this unique car. ', 'favorite': 'The distinct bold new lines on the exterior with the new front and rear designed grill and oval exhaust pipes that resonates the excellent engine noise when its in the S mode.Also the extra HP now available due to the direct fuel injection (FSI) and the handling is just great. '}, {'date': '12/16/2006', 'text': "I came out of an S4, and bought the RS4 after an ample test drive. The driving dynamics and engine feel remind me of me 1997 M3 (first of three I owned), which I felt handled better than the 2001 and 2004 models I had. It's still a little nose heavy, but compared to the S4, it's really hardly noticeable, and the braking, engine and lateral stability are outstanding. Its really a wonderful machine, and the all wheel drive in the midwest makes it a near must. If you are an M3 fan, you should really try this car before the next M3, especially if you are in the midwest or northeast. Personally, even though its heavier, I couldn't bring myself to give up the all wheel drive. Try it and see.", 'favorite': 'Engine, brakes (flawless), sport button, build quality and interior, lateral stability is dynamite.'}, {'date': '10/29/2006', 'text': 'Don\'t judge a book by its cover. This is all race and high performance from the word go. A small innocent looking button on the center console is marked with a green S ... it should come with a warning - "no amateur drivers, professionals only!" This car is for the owner that appreciates and understands performance. ', 'favorite': "4 doors - yes, that's a feature for a sports car. The disguise, looks like a sporty car, but it's really a racer that can take on any of the players in its class."}, {'date': '10/25/2006', 'text': 'The best car I ever had, satisfaction for someone that has had the best cars, the mixture of performances in the RS4 make it the best car in its class', 'favorite': 'Quattro, interior finishings, engine, size'}, {'date': '10/21/2006', 'text': "I just recently purchased the RS4 and every time that I just look at my car (which is often) I get a silly grin on my face and my heart starts to race. I remember feeling this way when I had my first love. Forget the performance of this car, there's nothing out there in it's class to dispute that. Some of my freinds said to me that I should go with something that stands out like an M3 but since I have had this car I have had several people comment on what an amazing looking car I had. The people that had to inspect the car for my title told me that they where fighting for the honor to test it! Power, comfort, ride, look, and an immaculate finish to everything in this car make the price well worth it", 'favorite': 'The exterior is gorgeous (I got my car in the Avus Silver) and the power... wow! I think that for the price tag you get more bang for your buck than even higher priced cars.'}, {'date': '10/09/2006', 'text': "Undoubtedly the best sedan available. The power and handling are awesome. The gas mileage is better than an Audi S4. The silver interior is breathtaking. The voice control, navigation, and MMI are all very much intuitive (have yet to open the manuals with questions on any). Everything is executed with class. It's not an inexpensive car, but it's worth it.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '08/17/2006', 'text': 'I bought my car about 2 months ago. its been a pleasure to drive it everytime I get a chance. Its fast!, in control! a focal point on the road. You have all kinds of people waving you down begging you to hammer down on it so they can see it (for a few seconds at least) and get to hear it take off. I dont have the shaking of the steering wheel problem but my car has been consuming a lot of oil. Other than that the car is a lot of fun, and for what I get back, it\'s worth way more than what I paid.The more you push on the gas, the more the engine calls for more. The "S" button is off the hook, it sounds great. ', 'favorite': 'The whole car.'}, {'date': '08/05/2006', 'text': "This is by far the best overall sports car/sedan I've ever owned. The car is incredibly quick, smooth and stable through all gears and under all conditions. I dare say it's even practical, with a huge trunk and ample back seats for kids. Mileage isn't the car's strongest suit, but in context, given this car's uber performance, it's quite good (about 19 mpg under normal driving conditions). Excellent interior and fit and finsish. Audi did it right -- truly a great car.", 'favorite': 'Exhaust, cornering and stability.'}, {'date': '07/27/2006', 'text': "The RS4 is sweet, its fast, it corners the best, and o' does it like fuel. If you ever owned a S4 you must try the RS4. It is so much better. After 1500 miles I'm sold that this car is well worth the money. However, I have 1 concern. There is a vibration in steering column at 61 - 65 MPH. The Audi engineers need to fix this quickly before it becomes a standard complaint about this most wounderful automobile. Congratulations Audi... you have out done yourselves.", 'favorite': 'Horsepower with a 411 gear ratio.'}, {'date': '07/25/2006', 'text': "The title sums it all up. This is one great car! You just can't find this level of performance in a four-door, AWD, sports, sedan? Read the glowing automotive press reviews and realize that they are not just hype. The car is really that good. Forget about the competition because this car blows them away.", 'favorite': 'Amazing engine with a 8,250 redline, drop-dead gorgeous looks, Audi quality interior, very fun to drive fast or slow.'}, {'date': '07/25/2006', 'text': 'The moment I turn on the engine... wow. Sounds so solid, I mean solid. Once you press the S button, it sounds even sweeter. Handling is fabulous, acceleration is top notch. Yes is a bit pricy but nothing compares at this moment so you pretty much have no choice.', 'favorite': 'S button... really turned it into ear candy.'}, {'date': '07/25/2006', 'text': "Yes, it is worth the money. Let's get that out of the way first. The RS4 does everything my STi did, and more. Considering it costs twice as much as a STi/Evo, it had better do more, and it does. Much more comfortable and refined for daily commuting but when you get into the higher revs, it's a beast. The exhaust note is amazing and there is so much torque at all rpms. Well balanced handling and it's so much easier to drive quickly thru the hills. I'm even getting the same fuel economy as I was in the STi at 18mpg - 4 more cylinders, 120 more horsepower, just as fast and no increase in fuel consumption! Brilliant! ", 'favorite': 'Consistent torque, smooth and free revving engine, refined yet capable suspension setup, great interior design and materials, SD card slot in radio, understated exterior design, beautiful exhaust note, and the ability to drive a unique car not many others have. EVERYONE in LA has an M3. '}, {'date': '07/15/2006', 'text': "My key concern when transitioning from a B5 500 hp S4 was the performance. Now after owning the car for about 1 month the performance is not my focus. The car is blazing fast. Yet Audi's execution of everything else impressed the hell out of me. The car is so solid, smooth, and easy to drive everyday. I can't say that about my old S4, it was getting tough! The car is much happier at 135 though, really smooth. Like it wants to do 190, it's amazing. I strongly suggest the car to any modified S4 owner, they won't want to go back to turbos. ", 'favorite': 'Brakes are stupid strong, almost mashed my stuff the 1st day on accident. The car get looks everywhere I go, lots of head scratching? What is that? The sound has got to be the #1, it sounds like a race Audi from the factory! 10 points Audi.'}, {'date': '07/15/2006', 'text': "I've owned the car for just about 6 weeks, and it's been all fun. There is no other car at this price that combines elite sportcar-level performance, 5-passenger capability, top-notch luxury features, 5-star safety, and all-wheel-drive.", 'favorite': "Hi-revving 420 hp V8, both for it's power and its lascivious sound. Excellent Recaro seats. Bluetooth. NAV with integrated SD card readers. Colossal braking power and handling."}, {'date': '07/15/2006', 'text': "After multiple M3s and Porsches this car's performance and construction astound me. Brakes = surreal. I feel like I just begin to think about stopping and I am there, all without any complaint, squeal, or nose dip. Handling - I pull corners and I'm amazed the car transcends all its weight and stays completely flat through the bends. The stick is the stick I had in my 911, that I was always trying to get in my M3s with trying different short shifter kits. Ergonomics - the way that everything is driver centered reminds me of my old BMWs. Fit and finish, has attention to every detail that I felt was there in Porsche, but is lacking in most other cars. This is a four door car that has world class performance and the fit and finish that it does, I don't think that there is a better buy out there.", 'favorite': 'The car has an exhaust note which is like an aria, and speaks to the soul of any car enthusiast. '}, {'date': '07/12/2006', 'text': 'Driving is great except for the shaking steering wheel at 61-64 mph. The performance on this is out of the world. It must be more than 420 hp. Also the glove box opens by itself. After driving 386 miles the oil warning light came on and I checked the oil which was 1.5 qts low. So much for quality. Does anyone have quality control? Another RS4 at the dealership has the same vibration problem. That is two out of three that shake. Hope the engineers can figure out how to fix this. It would be bad if all steering wheels shook on this new Audi hotrod. ', 'favorite': 'Performance is unbelievable. '}, {'date': '06/10/2006', 'text': 'This car is pure exhilaration. It is extremely quick, hugs the corners and has a rock-solid build quality. The engine sounds great, too. This is a fantastic every-day car and not too thirsty given its 420 hp engine.', 'favorite': 'Speed, cornering and fit and finish.'}, {'date': '06/10/2006', 'text': "This car is nothing short of perfect. It's incredibly fast, grips the corners and has rock solid build quality. This car is without compromise -- it's a rockin' sports car with an ample back seat and a huge trunk. I'm even getting decent gas mileage. I love this car! ", 'favorite': 'Awesome cornering, gutteral sound, and terrific fit and finish.'}]
2007_audi_s8 - [{'date': '05/18/2009', 'text': "This is the most outstanding car I've ever driven. I also own a Mercedes SL600 (with a Kleemann power upgrade) and in the morning, I find myself reaching for the S8 keys. This car is a very fast sedan, but what I really love about it (besides the all wheel drive for Wisconsin winters) is that it is so comfortable to drive and that the dash layout is so simple and intuitive. This is the first sedan that I have ever found to be exciting to drive. The paddle shifters are way cool.", 'favorite': 'The ipod interface is wonderful!'}, {'date': '06/12/2008', 'text': "I traded my 997 to to get what I perceived to be a peaceful luxury car that delivers a violent, soulful motor on command. I couldn't be happier. No more annoying tire noise competing with the sometimes flatuent, contrived exhaust note. Instead I get full luxury (including double-paned windows and felt lined wheel-wells to ensure tranquility) punctuated by refined violence upon driver demand. I also get an ipod interface and bluetooth. When I miss my 997 I can always take out my 87 911 for a visceral run. And when I really require a jolt my F355 delivers without fail. The S8 is always the car I reach for first... that says a lot.", 'favorite': "The motor. Period. The calm interior is also worthy of mention (unless you dip a wee bit too much into the throttle and bathe yourself in the thick Italian growl burbling from the V-10 Lambo motor). Haven't grown tired of the engine (not exhaust!) note after 12k miles. "}, {'date': '01/10/2008', 'text': "I bought my S8 because I believed it would be a fun-to-drive, relatively light weight fast sedan. It has ponderous handling, shifts erratically, and is full of insanely complicated, useless electronics. The suspension lowers itself after parking, so that the car has to be parked rear-end-first so the front doesn't hang up on the curb. I tried to give it back the 2nd day I had it, but Audi refused, as S8s are special order. ", 'favorite': "It's a very good looking car."}, {'date': '12/31/2007', 'text': 'I wanted a car that was good in the snow but also had good performance, this fits the bill.', 'favorite': 'Pickup, styling.'}, {'date': '10/07/2007', 'text': "The is such a great car! I bought an S550 4matic for myself, but there just wasn't enough power there for me. I saw the S8 drive by and my son (who is 13, and knows a lot about cars) told me I had to check it out. So we drove right to the Audi dealership, and ordered it. I have since given my wife the S550, and she wants to have my car. I really enjoy this car, and it is powerful, and has the fourwheel drive. We live right outside of Philly, and we do get snow so that four wheel drive is great to have. It you can buy it I would definitely recommend doing so.", 'favorite': 'I find the MMI easy to use, I love the the fact that it has 450 horses and is still 4 wheel drive, and I love the car in general.'}, {'date': '08/05/2007', 'text': 'The S8 is the German automobile perfected. Flawless engine, superior ride and handling, classic styling and the absolute best interior available at any price point. Compared to the Jaguar XJ8 much more refined. Compared to the BMW 750/760 better in almost every way ergonomically. Also far superior interior. Compared to the Mercedes S550 again the interior is more luxurious and the engine blows the S550 away. ', 'favorite': "Audi's MMI system is head and shoulders above any other. The B & O stereo is phenominal for a car system. MMI, keyless, soft door close, cornering lights."}, {'date': '07/16/2007', 'text': "I decided that maybe Audi had just created the perfect luxury car. After 3k miles I believe they have. It is perfectly silent when you want it to be. Want to be sporty? One or two down shifts and a tap of the right foot and you know you are in the right car. The electronics are well thought out too. Handling stuns. The throttle is not too sensitive. No problem (did they fix it?). Looks? Subjective, yes, but it makes a very discrete statement. I am very happy my S8. And I don't miss my 997 a bit.", 'favorite': 'Motor. Motor. Motor. Upon acceleration you hear the motor, not some contrived exhaust note. It is not loud; it just strikes the right note. Kind of like the BMW-powered Range Rovers. Refined muscle.'}, {'date': '07/03/2007', 'text': 'I traded in a BMW 645 Cabriolet for the S8 and at the time was worried that I might miss the BMW. After 4 days of driving the S8, I can honestly say that I made the right move. And I moved up in a big way.', 'favorite': 'Engine, handling, quattro, AMI interface for iPod, interior second to none with alcantara headliner, brakes, MMI, trunk, wheels.'}, {'date': '04/17/2007', 'text': 'I have owned and driven all cars from S500 to Porsche to BMW to Maserati to Ferrari. This is by far the best car I have owned and driven. It is a car which one can drive hard or soft. The full option version is one to go for which is with the Bang and Olufsen stereo - this is a must it really improves a sound quality.', 'favorite': 'V10 engine and Bang and Olufsen stereo.'}, {'date': '04/10/2007', 'text': "As with the few other owners, I debated the choices. When it came right down to it, making the selection for an S8 was more about uniqueness, performance, comfort and subtlety. What I didn't expect when making the decision, and to my great surprise (since it is almost impossible to test drive them prior to purchase) was: 1) how great it handles, drives and performs, 2) how modern the electronics are (iPod and satellite and telephone integration; systems and suspension control), 3) how comfortable it is AND how much fun it is to drive, and 4) that it keeps getting better. I find the power band perfectly tweaked for a luxury sedan - great performance as an automatic, amazing performance as a manual/ tiptronic. ", 'favorite': "Best features include handling and performance, comfort, grace and convenience of interior. I personally like the look of the car a great deal, but that's a personal thing."}, {'date': '04/07/2007', 'text': "It's an awesome car. Had it for about 2 months now and yet every time I turn the engine on I can't help but grin like a 12 year old in a candy store. Having had various luxury cars over the last several years, I can honestly say that I've never seen a more complete package -- it's an absolute joy to drive. Even though it's relatively similar to the A8, it turns heads everywhere! I often sit in heavy traffic and let me tell you, people (especially other drivers) stare. The only problem that some people might have is that it can get quite uncomfortable when you have several pairs of eyes glued to you for extended periods of time while you wait for the lights to change.", 'favorite': 'Pretty much everything. The optional Bang & Olufsen sound system sounds amazing. The MMI is simple and intuitive. The leather is great to the touch. In short: absolute quality!'}, {'date': '02/09/2007', 'text': 'Drive this car on Highway 1 from Carmel to San Simeon and you will be hooked for life. Better by far than my SL 500. Handling, acceleration and the paddles - pure fun - truly wow!', 'favorite': 'The Package!!'}, {'date': '12/27/2006', 'text': 'My decision was between a Mercedes S550 4 matic sport and the Audi S8. The S550 is nice, but the S8 just felt like something more special. The v10 engine (smooth and quiet at normal speeds, and unbelievably poweful and "baritone" when you want it to be), and the special "S" interior and exterior felt like something a step above the norm. Even the ride (with the std 20 inch rims) is wonderful in comfort mode... unbelievable given the potholes in my part of the country). I average about 15.5 mpg (70% city/30% highway). Not great, but hey, that v10 power/noise has got to come from somewhere. Net, no regrets so far.', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '10/18/2006', 'text': 'This car is truly a joy to drive. I have a Maserati as well as an Aston Martin; however, every morning when I wake up and grap my keys. I find myself continually grabbing the Audi Keys.', 'favorite': 'Motor and Quattro.'}]
2008_audi_a3 - [{'date': '08/28/2009', 'text': 'It was at the Atlanta Auto Show that I fell in love with the Audi A3. My current car due end of its lease was a 2006 VW Touareg. A wonderful SUV yet it was not something I would ever get again unless diesel was offered. Simply put, small engine pulling around a heavy car. Out of all the cars I saw that day, I decided the A3 was the one. Next day I leased a metallic grey pearl, open sky, premium package, and s-tronic automatic. The 2.0 engine, I believe, coupled with a flawless DSG will allow this car to drive well beyond 100,000 miles. The Open Sky, while novel, and great if rear passengers are present, is very hot in the summer. ', 'favorite': 'engine + transmission=driving excellence. Interior is excellently crafted, exterior is excellent as well. The leather will maintain through the life of the car. Utility is wonderful. MPG-I get usually 23 in the city, 34 on highway.'}, {'date': '08/20/2009', 'text': "I had read other reviews that indicated tire noise could be a problem, especially with the Pirelli P6 tires. I thought I had escaped that fate as the first year was great; lot's of fun to drive, average 32.5 mpg overall, reasonably peppy and good brakes and handling. After the 16,000 miles service and tire rotation the tire howl began. I returned to Audi service who tell me that alignment and suspension are in spec and the tires are cupped which is causing the road noise. The noise has only gotten worse. Plenty of tread left but unless the Pirelli tire dealer I see Saturday does something to adjust this, I will have to report to Audi and Pirelli that they have lost a customer for life.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '05/14/2009', 'text': 'This is a great car if you like going to the dealer. Mechanically, it is perfect but the build quality is a disaster. Handles great, fast, average over 30 mpg in a mixed commute. Easy to park in the city. All of the doors have been taken apart for wiring harnesses being out of the clips. The radio was a mess. Seat belt receiver replaced, etc. Now I have 2 mystery rattles, the drivers door handle and an exhaust rattle. ', 'favorite': 'MPG, Looks, Sound of engine and sound system, panoramic roof, wheels. '}, {'date': '04/12/2009', 'text': "I posted a review after I bought my Audi last August raving about it. I now wish to retract my raves! The ride and fun level are all great...but I am burning thru a quart of oil about every 1000 - 1500 miles! I can't even make it to a regular oil change without the light coming on or me putting oil in it sometimes twice. Terrible! I am dumping this thing before it dies on me. I drive 120 mile a day and can't risk being left on the side of the road, Audi care or not! I am going back to a Honda or Toyota...loved both! Too bad, such a beautiful car.", 'favorite': 'Handling, fun, styling'}, {'date': '02/03/2009', 'text': "This is my forth Audi. I've had two 5000's an A6 quattro and now this 2008 A3 2.0T 6A. My wife drives it most of the time. We both love it. Have 11700 miles on it. No trouble at all. I highly recommend the ca.", 'favorite': 'Drive train and handling'}, {'date': '12/21/2008', 'text': 'After the fuel crunch I decided to get rid of my Mercedes E-500 AMG. I looked for fun, reliability, some luxury, good dealer service and a car that was practical. And I found all of it in the A3. Tried the 3.2 version and it ws not much better. I love driving and commuting on my A3. Nothing fails and if you go on-line you can find a few "easter-eggs" that Audi engineers left as a gift in hiding. It handles like a sports sedan and hums like a sprts car. It is just the perfect car for the person with a few bucks, without the need to be a show-off.', 'favorite': 'Style, comfort. performance and economy. I am 6\'3" tall and I have plenty of room.'}, {'date': '12/17/2008', 'text': 'With only 5,000 miles on my brand new A3, the power window is broken, the power seat for the driver is broken, and now the transmission is giving problems. I will never buy another Audi again. This is the most problamatic car I have ever had, worst than the old Ford Explorer. I am going to ask for a refund. ', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '11/29/2008', 'text': 'Having driven my A3 for 7+ months now, I am very happy with this purchase. My previous car was a Subaru WRX, which made me consider what I would give up in performance with an A3. Well, now I realize that for 99% of my driving, the Audi provides more than what I need. (That 1% is pushing it beyond my comfort zone anyways.) The A3 gives you refined power and handling. It is a smart blend of style and practical considerations in a sports sedan. It has been a very responsive, comfortable, and rewarding driving experience. ', 'favorite': 'DSG transmission with shift paddles - you gotta try these! '}, {'date': '11/15/2008', 'text': "This is my 7th Audi including A4s and a TT. I love this car! The 2.0 engine is a tremendous improvement over the old 1.8. The A3 is quick, has great handling, is nicely appointed and is a kick to drive. New car pricing is a bit hefty, but I bought mine at the end of the year and saved a lot. In '08, if you wanted AWD you had to buy the 3.2L engine, and the price got pretty high. I understand that they are working on the pricing issue for '09. My wife has an Acura MDX, but now she's borrowing the A3 whenever she can grab it. ", 'favorite': 'Great handling, 2.0L engine, interior design.'}, {'date': '10/31/2008', 'text': "First road trip with the car using sport shifting with the dsg and was completely gobsmacked by the performance of this car. Goes like stink, handles the curves like it's nobody's business and that transmisssion is without a doubt the best in the world and worth the extra cash. Throw the back seats down, throw the dog in, and off you go. Lots of room for two with luggage and that's all you need. Gas mileage is superb for a car with this performance. Too bad is has to be high test but you can't get everything. Ipod setup is easy but info on instrument panel could be a little more informational and clearer. But just go drive (faster if possible) you will love this car", 'favorite': 'DSG, performance, gas mileage, exterior styling especially the front'}, {'date': '09/05/2008', 'text': 'This is a great car, and I have had plenty to compare it to. I also own a Prius, which I kept, but I wanted a "fun" car, and I got that. I know everyone raves about the automatic, but frankly I love the stick shift. It is very responsive, and once you get use to the great distance the clutch goes in (I am only 5\'4") shifting is very smooth! I have an hour drive to and from work everyday, and this has made it a pleasure!', 'favorite': 'Styling, manual shift, great pickup, the hatch back (I can fit tons in this car for its size), great sound system.'}, {'date': '08/03/2008', 'text': "I wanted a sports coupe, but couldn't live without a backseat and some cargo space. The A3 completely fits the bill. Great engine; amazing transmission; handles like it's on rails. Small size makes it tossable and zoom with an efficient engine, but the A3's real secret weapon is the practical space. Audi doesn't want you to know this, but the back seat in the A3 is bigger than that in the A4. My kids love it! True, it is not a bargain, if you price things on a per-inch basis, but if you value things because of how good they are, not just how big, you will love this car.", 'favorite': 'Transmission, engine, handling, drivers seat'}, {'date': '07/15/2008', 'text': "After owning several Audi vehicles, I can say that i'm a big Audi fan. So, when it was time to change my car again, I took to my local Audi dealer for my base model A3 with DSG. This car is great and I saved a good amount of money by not choosing many costly options. I'm pretty much happy with all standart equipment such as dual A/C, great stereo, excelent transmission, well designed and built interior and exterior. If you want a Audi vehicle, beware of costly options. This car can go well over $30k with a few check marks on the option list. Oh, did I mention how great the gas mileage is?", 'favorite': 'Exterior and Interior design and built quality. Great engine 2.0t and DSG transmission. Excelent stereo!'}, {'date': '06/09/2008', 'text': "I test drove many vehicles for about 6 months. Between them were BMW 328x & 335x, Acura RDX, BMW X3, Infiniti G35x and Lexus IS 250 AWD. Audi A3 overall had all the features that I wanted, AWD, cargo flexibility, compact size, powerful engine and a good level of luxury. The A3 is impressive the way it handles. Coming from a previous S4 I was worried that the car wouldn't satisfy me but it has proved me wrong. I like this vehicle more and more as a continue to drive it. ", 'favorite': 'Smooth power and great transmission. The ride of the vehicle is sporty but not punishing. Flexibility of the cargo space. Size of the car is excellent since I live in NYC.'}, {'date': '05/31/2008', 'text': "My Audi A3 6MT is a blast to drive. It has mostly every feature I could ever want. It gets great mileage, is comfortable, fun, sexy. If you're looking at a cheap BMW 3 series, but don't want to spend $38K to get the options you want, but don't want to settle for a VW, then this is the car for you. Audi really knows what they are doing! ", 'favorite': 'Bluetooth, clutch/shifter feel, acceleration, seats, stereo (std)'}, {'date': '04/28/2008', 'text': "I've had this car now for a few months and am still impressed. I reviewed all the others in its class with extensive test drives for its competitors. The package is unmatched - performance, looks, build quality. This is the sexiest wagon on the road bar none. Strong selling points were: Great gas mileage 26/31 (actual). Adaptive lighting - to be able to see that deer around the corner before you hit it. DSG - Audi Innovation. Super smooth - six speed. Speed sensitive steering - No other car in its class has this. Overall, very few do. Easy steering in the parking lot that tightens as you go faster. Blue Sky package. Top notch audio - stock system rock too. Price/performance", 'favorite': 'DSG, adaptive lighting, Speed sensitive steering, Blue Sky system, iPod adapter, speed adaptive audio (compensates for road noise), fuel efficiency, Sweet looking wagon.'}, {'date': '04/21/2008', 'text': "Having been a BMW loyalist the last 8 years, buying a hatchback from Audi was a huge leap of faith. It was, however, the best decision I could have made. If you don't get silly with some of the options, this vehicle provides the optimum balance of performance, fuel economy, prestige, utility, and comfort. There are plenty of other cars that do each of these better, but the whole of the A3 is greater than the sum of its parts. Taking off ramps at 25+ MPH gives me the same giddiness as my last BMW did. It turns heads, and the interior is extremely well thought out. The trunk holds a lot of space, the mileage it gets is quite respectable, and it turns heads wherever I drive.", 'favorite': 'The crash test safety ratings, S-Line Package suspension, Open Sky system, and torque in 3rd gear.'}, {'date': '03/28/2008', 'text': "I'm nearing 1 year of ownership! Haven't put on many miles (13k), but most were hard miles through Boston. Car was outstanding in the winter, traction control and stability performed very nicely. I was considering the Quattro when I bought it, but now I'm glad I didn't spend the extra 8k, it's not worth it. No mechanical problems to speak of. I found out that a golf bag won't fit in the back without putting the seat down. Maybe time to upgrade to an A4 Wagon? If only it had the A3 interior. Oh yea, and for those confused by the fact you can't tilt the windshield wipers up in the winter before a storm, turn the car off then hit the wiper lever, they come half way up! ", 'favorite': 'Engine, DSG, grippy cornering. Love the interior. '}, {'date': '03/18/2008', 'text': 'I love this car. Really fun to drive, sticks like glue to curves, great visibility, sporty but comfortable driving experience. I test drove a lot of small cars before deciding on this one, and preferred it to the A4.', 'favorite': 'The fabulous seats are adjustable in about 92 ways, awesome lumbar support, up, down, back and seat tilt, "bun warmers". Plenty of power on the highway and up hills in Seattle, classy exterior styling, great sound system, solid but not heavy feel. Two skylights are very cool.'}, {'date': '03/15/2008', 'text': 'This is an awesome car and fun to drive. Would recommend this over 3 series any day. Shifting is really smooth and the acceleration is great, got upgraded stereo and S-line package and I feel it was worth the money... stiffer seats/suspension. Heated seats work great and the AC cools down nice and quickly.', 'favorite': 'Performance.'}, {'date': '03/08/2008', 'text': "After years with an A4 Avant, this has not been a step down at all! I figured I would be sacrificing space and luxury for MPG and the convenience of a compact, but not really the case; roomy interior and meticulous detail (I could live without the carbon fiber trim look, however). Way easier to park in the city, better mileage, and far quicker than the A4. Overall, if you don't need the Quattro I can't see a reason to get a new A4 Avant when this option is out there. ", 'favorite': "DSG/S-tronic transmission w/paddles. Modification options: 200hp is plenty, but it's nice to have the option to add a chip, exhaust, cold air intake, and bigger turbo when the car gets tired. "}, {'date': '03/08/2008', 'text': "Just purchased my A3, and after driving about town a bit now, I can say with certainty that this is a unique ride. Just like BMWs seem to combine refinement with performance, this car does the same, with a bit more raw feeling, less cush. If you are even thinking about a BMW, or one of the many alternative, do not let the A3 slip your list, this car is great! It's like play toy that has all the creature comforts you could want.", 'favorite': "Connection to the road and the car. Feeling like I'm driving something a bit more special than the other million 3 series out there."}, {'date': '03/01/2008', 'text': "Needed a hatchback for our big dog. At least got that goal accomplished. Other than that: short gear ratios (2,500 rpm at 60mph) ruin the gas mileage. No fun at all on highway / interstate. What is the point putting the GTI gearbox (built for 16 year olds) in an Audi? Same audience? Car seems to have some kind of slope sensor. Transmission doesn't shift up when going up hill. Car runs uphill at 3,000 rpm and need shift manually i.o. to save gas. DSG transmission is nice but hypersensitive. It's a roller coaster ride when car is cold. A/C has a mind of it's own and takes a scientist to operate. Blower keeps changing speed. No homelink. No self-contained sun visor upgrade available. ", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '02/04/2008', 'text': "Bullet fast. Sticks to the road like glue. Modern interior design. Awesome sound system. Torque and horsepower to spare. Quattro all wheel drive. This car is worth every penny, and is truly a driver's car. The A3 3.2 is a total blast to drive. Spent the better part of 1 year comparing the A3 3.2 Quattro to the IS 250 AWD, Infiniti G35, Acura TL, and the BMW 325xi. The Audi is the thinking man's BMW, whatever that means. Gas mileage not all that great, but nobody buys a 250 hp v6 for the gas mileage... you buy it for the big grin it puts on your face when you hammer the throttle. I love this car, go buy one now!", 'favorite': '3.2l engine + Quattro AWD = unmatched performance vs the competition. Seats are really comfortable and sound system rocks. Has MANY standard options (sirius, 6 disc changer w/ Bose premium system, rain sensing wipers, sun sensing headlights, autodimming mirrors, etc.).'}, {'date': '01/27/2008', 'text': "Great car. Driver's car. Not floaty like IS 250 or G35. Very responsive, fast, engine has a very nice growl to it. Quattro is unmatched, do the research. 3.2 liter engine + Quattro = 0-60 in 5.9 at least. Tons of great standard options such as autodimming mirrors, bose upgraded audio system, rain sensing wipers. I love this car. ", 'favorite': 'Quattro and 3.2 liter V6. Sound system is pretty awesome as well. '}, {'date': '12/26/2007', 'text': "We came on the lot looking for an A4 and drove off with this one instead. The baseline A3 is pretty boring, but the S-Line is amazing! The Blue Sky package makes this car look very unique. Also got Sirius radio with the Bose audio package. The sound couldn't be any more clear. We'll follow-up if anything bad happens, but so far so awesome! If you go to Audi of Tysons Corner, make sure you ask for Ron! Very cool guy and extremely low intensity.", 'favorite': 'Bluesky package, Sirius with the Bose sound system, the brilliant red on this model looks fantastic, the red backlight for the controls is unique and more soothing than we thought it would be, and the S-Line package makes this car so fun to drive!'}, {'date': '12/19/2007', 'text': 'Just a little time with this car, but it has proven to be an excellent upgrade from my typical conservative Japanese sedan class of cars that I have driven for years. Fun, sporty, economical (best gas mileage in the class) and the engine and transmission are amazing. ', 'favorite': 'Driving experience. The quick engine, transmission options, and nimble handling.'}, {'date': '08/08/2007', 'text': 'Had the car a little more than 3 weeks. 2.0T w/ S-Line. Test drove the 3.2 but it felt too heavy with the 6 cyl. and quattro. Plenty of kick in the 4 cyl. The S Tronic shifters are responsive and addictive.', 'favorite': 'Driving experience and open sky system. The iPod interface works flawlessly.'}]
2008_audi_a4 - [{'date': '08/19/2009', 'text': "The car don't last. I have a 2008 A4, and the engine is terrible. I have had it in service 3 times and it's there again. They don't know how to fix it.", 'favorite': 'When it works, I like the way it handles the road.'}, {'date': '08/05/2009', 'text': "After driving BMWs,Cadillac, Porsche, Infinity; I test drove the A4 after seeing a 329/month lease in the paper. After my first test drive I was sold. Since buying, I like the car more each day.Audi engineers are brilliant.Car handles like it's on rails,the AWD is incredible, the paddle shifters fun, driving in sport mode is a blast.It's very easy to get the speed governor to engage around 130. After slight turbo lag off the jump(which I improved by putting in a K&N air filter and using 93 octane fuel), once the engine has enough air compression, the turbo blasts the car forward. Interior compenents are all high quality.Leather seating surfaces are top notch. Wife also likes it a lot!", 'favorite': 'AWD works great in midwest winters; paddle shifters, excellent handling, comfortable/luxurious leather seats, stereo system sounds incredible, exterior design, directional xenon headlights, 18" rims with low profile tires. Acceleration once car is rolling.Hard to limit my favorite features.'}, {'date': '05/09/2009', 'text': 'Purchased this as a cert pre owned for a great price. Had only 10000 miles on it and jumped on it. Very enjoyable to drive and love the comfort of the seats. Was looking at G35 also but for the money the Audi I thought was a better car. ', 'favorite': 'The seats and the ease of the controls. '}, {'date': '04/23/2009', 'text': "This is my first Audi. I was driving a 6 cyl. VW Passat before this and had never owned a 4 cyl. car, so I was a little nervous about getting the 2.0T. I am pleasantly surprised with this motor. Although there is a little lag pulling out into traffic now and then, I can't complain. Fit and finish are superb and I love the way it looks. I leased in July 2008, so I can't wait to see what 2011 has to offer. ", 'favorite': "Seats feel good/supportive. I love the heated seats option. The interior is clean looking and is made with high quality materials. Bluetooth is a nice feature. I swore I wouldn't get black after having 2 other black cars, but I couldn't help it. To me, it looks the best on this car. "}, {'date': '04/22/2009', 'text': "I have had several Audi's over the past 15 years as well as several Jeeps. This latest purchase with the 3.2 is outstanding. Power, all weather ability with utility and sport car manors. This package does it all. The MMI is great. Did a three hundred mile loop from New York to Boston and got 29 mpg. Got it with the Audi Certified program so great deal with new car warranty. Very, very happy.", 'favorite': 'Quattro, 3.2 engine and handling'}, {'date': '03/12/2009', 'text': "I leased this A4 last May and it continues to get better. This is my first Audi and it will not be my last. I have had a great experience with Momentum Audi in Houston and have had no troubles with the vehicle at all. I'm getting amazing gas mileage, up to 26 in city and usually 32/33 on highway. ", 'favorite': "I'm having fun with the shifters mounted on the steering wheel and the bluetooth phone setup is very convenient and easy to operate. The trunk space is fantastic and headroom just right for my frame. "}, {'date': '02/24/2009', 'text': 'Purchased w/8000 miles. Went from 2001 Maxima. Car is great. No complaints. Very cozy and quick. So much electronics that I get lost in the car (a good thing). Gas mileage is terrific, about 23 overall. Got 36 on a 400 mile highway trip. Wheels are a little hard to keep clean of brake dust. Never drove a car so perfect.', 'favorite': 'Bluetooth phone/radio options, auto fold-in side view mirrors, brakes stop on a dime, head turning looks on the highway, gas mileage for this powerful a car.'}, {'date': '01/17/2009', 'text': 'This is a great car to drive, highway drive is very good on gas. The car has great pickup going in to traffic. I would buy another the car handles well.', 'favorite': 'Great handling and great on gas.'}, {'date': '11/10/2008', 'text': "I bought this car about 5 months ago and it's awesome! The only things I don't like about it are the cup holders under the arm rest and the slight lag out the gate. The lag is random. It's weird, but it depends on the day. The engine is definitely affected by extreme temperatures. ", 'favorite': 'Tiptronic, Bluetooth, ipod deck'}, {'date': '10/30/2008', 'text': "We looked high and low to find an A4 equipped with the 3.2 six and the manual gearbox. We decided to factory order one and discovered that production had already halted to make room for the '09 (B8) model. That one wasn't available with the six-speed manual so it looked like the less intersting 328Xi was going to get the nod when the dealer found a car equipped like we wanted (basicly, equipped with everything) in Riverside California. I was going to be there on business, and I arrainged to pick the car up there and my wife (it's her car) drove it back to Tulsa. She and I love the car. From the GPS nav to the smooth shifting six- speed, it's a sedan that puts a smile on your face. ", 'favorite': "The interior, the full-size spare in the trunk, the butter smooth gearbox, the MMC sound and nav system. Ours is a black on black S-Line with the Titanium package. The car runs great, looks great and attracts a crowd wherever it stops. Not bad at all for last year's model. "}, {'date': '10/25/2008', 'text': 'This car looks great and drives even better. It has comfortable seats and the engine runs very smoothly. The A4 convertible is a cross between a sports car and a luxury car and it clearly has good features of both. While there is always room for improvement, I am very pleased with how it handles and the multitude of features.', 'favorite': 'Overall interior and exterior design is very sleek. Has many extra features that other convertible sport cars do not have, especially the AWD system which will come in handy in the winter. '}, {'date': '09/06/2008', 'text': 'My 2008 Audi A4 Quattro burns oil at a rate of 1 quart per 1000 miles. The oil level warning came on at 6000, 10000 and 14000 miles. Each time I had it checked at the dealer where it was purchased and was told each time that no leaks were found and that it was operating normally. They also measured the aforementioned burn off rate according Audi guidelines and informed me that it was "well within Audi specifications and no action is required." These engines are problematic and Audi knows it. ', 'favorite': 'All wheel drive'}, {'date': '08/05/2008', 'text': "Really pleased with my lease of this car after one year. Only one issue with a brake light sensor after 1 year of ownership and the dealer fixed it right away. Highway mileage is fantastic, but pure city driving gives poorer than I hoped. But overall, power and handling are the best! This is the funnest car I've ever driven. Trunk space the best of all convertibles I tested.", 'favorite': 'Highway mileage over 30 MPG. Comfort & support of seats. Bluetooth phone is as clear as a regular phone.'}, {'date': '06/28/2008', 'text': 'I started out gunning for a Saturn VUE. But it does not come with a moon roof so I tried on the Audi A4 quatro for size - performance - finish. It does not disappoint. My first reaction to driving it: A little noisy. Initially reminded me of a diesel - albeit a fairly quiet one. The noise level is most noticeable when first accelerating. Once under way the noise level recedes and is forgotten. Finish & performance wins raves. Safety features - brakes - road stability - guages placement underscore diligent design engineering. This car gives you the feeling it was designed by engineers who like driving cars. Cars that envelope you in comfort; safety. Road stability is totally reassuring.', 'favorite': "This car's electronics bedazzle! All fluid levels are checked. Outside temp noted. Fuel level is displayed & future miles are extrapolated; after factoring in your current speed. Dirty disc brakes? Hit the windshiled washer - it also washes your discs - plus your headlight covers. Locking gas cap!"}, {'date': '06/19/2008', 'text': ' I am an america living in Germany and have really been able to push this car to its limits. For a four cylinder this car moves, There is a significant lag in the turbo when not in the "S" setting (S-lines) At 140 miles an hour for 40 miles I averaged about 19 MPG and same road at 70MPH 33.6 MPG.', 'favorite': '"S" setting for S-line tip-tonic xmsn\'s. beautiful leather all over.'}, {'date': '06/18/2008', 'text': 'I bought this car in brilliant black with black leather interior, after researching and test driving cars from the famous five (BMW (1 and 3 series), Infinity G37, Lexus IS, Acura TL). In terms of exterior looks and interior quality and design, Audi beats all the others hand down. I have always had a soft corner for Audi when compared to BMW (a personality trait of always siding with the underdogs). This car has however met and exceeded my expectations in nearly every department. It drives and handles like a charm in all driving conditions. There are however, a few issues that I had hoped would be resolved in the 2009 model but they remain largely unaddressed. They are discussed below', 'favorite': 'Interior and exterior style and looks. Great torque with very little turbo lag. Versatile handling and driving dynamics suited for a wide range of driving conditions. QUATTRO! Build quality. Excellent MPG'}, {'date': '05/27/2008', 'text': "This is my first car in 15 years - live in NYC. I have the manual A4, titanium, iPod, Bluetooth. The car has been a blast to drive - although 4th sounds like it should be 6th! The car moves perfectly and the finish is just as every review indicated - nothing I would change about the interior. I have been averaging about 27mpg the first month - not bad considering Manhattan traffic. I am really glad I bought the 2008 as the 2009 looks far too much like a BMW. As for reviews about it being a bit slow out the gate, I'm not seeing it and am sure it is not worth the MPG trade off to have purchased the larger engine.", 'favorite': "Bluetooth phone, moonroof, classic lines. I think the titanium package really added to the style without going too over the edge. I also like the auto lights on, wipers on, etc. Lastly, the left foot rest is great - perfectly flat and you don't feel the wheel well."}, {'date': '05/06/2008', 'text': 'This is my 3rd A4 Avant (1999; 2003; 2008). I recently had to retire my 1995 Alfa 164LS. I purchased this to drive along with our 2003 A4 Avant. The plan is to retire the 2003 and keep the 2008 once Alfa returns to the USA. The car is quite sporty in nature. It appears as if the new A4 will have more driver right leg room, but it is unclear whether the new Avant will be offered as a 6 speed. We only have had manual transmissions with sport suspension. The 2008 2.0 engine is more throaty and powerful than previous models. The four wheel drive sticks like glue. The 2.0 torque is limited, but the acceleration is fine, with little turbo lag. Forget BMW and go for it.', 'favorite': 'Four wheel drive; throaty engine; exterior style; optional sport suspension; optional stereo/satellite radio upgrade'}, {'date': '05/03/2008', 'text': 'My other vehicles are 911 turbo, Mustang GT convertible, Cayenne S. This vehicle has become my favorite. I can drive it over highway 17 in California with vigor. I drove it to Tahoe with the family, a roof box and a lot of gear. It was a blast. It compensated well on icy patches and blasted through the snow. I can put my golden retriever in the back, pick up the family and still enjoy the ride. The S mode and paddle shifters make this a stealth sports car. I enjoy the "S" suspension features and the mileage of the 2.0T. It feels like a Porsche station wagon. I predict that these wagons will see a resurgence in the near future. The Avant gets 22 around town and 28 highway.', 'favorite': 'Daytime running lights, buetooth cellphone, stellite radio, IPOD adapter, S mode on tranny is very intuitive, paddle shifters, visibility, traction, rear storage room, ease of ability to put things on the roof.'}, {'date': '04/27/2008', 'text': "Our experience with the A4 has been great my wife loves it. Very economical with gas. As the first time owning an Audi I was not totally sold the first time I drove the car. I immediately noticed the jerk (as if I was driving a stick shift vehicle) I was told it was the SVT in the vehicles transmission. I only different from our Acura TL and former Lexus model was the oil light came on at 4K miles because shortness of oil. The car ate the oil as if it were candy. Audi told us the vehicle does that within the first couple of 1000's miles. Very small car with great fuel economy joined with a sexy exterior look.", 'favorite': 'Bluetooth device, exterior look and acceleration for a four cylinder is great. Oh let me not forget the sound system is wonderful.'}, {'date': '04/08/2008', 'text': "The Audi A4 a compact car with plenty of room for the front seat users. It is not intended for 5 passengers. The 2.0 liter is very strong for a 4 cylinder so you need to keep in mind it can't be compared to a 6. Interior is very well built. Exterior is very sharp. This car has all the power anyone should need. If you ease up on the pedal it will get very good gas mileage as I have experienced 29 miles per gallon so far. You can get a larger car if you pay 15 to 20 grand more, or you can wait for the 2009 model that will be larger. This car compares to all its competitors and is better in some ways than 328Ix, C class, G35X.", 'favorite': 'Strong 4 cylinder engine. Great gas mileage. Great room in front seats. Great seat heaters, comfortable car for two adults. '}, {'date': '04/04/2008', 'text': 'I have had this car for two weeks now and so far I am very pleased with the performance. I love the way car handles yet maintains a decent fuel economy. It makes me go look for some curvy roads. Strongly suggest this car if you enjoy the driving.', 'favorite': 'Styling: inside & out, price, overall driving pleasure '}, {'date': '03/24/2008', 'text': "Have had this for just over 2 weeks and 800 miles and so far I'm very pleased. I do wish the 2.0T had more power but I knew going into it that it was a trade-off for better fuel economy. Setting aside the lack of power at the low end, I love the way the car drives and handles. Been in one early spring snowstorm so far and it held the road beautifully. Quartz Gray color is stunning.", 'favorite': 'Price, features, overall driving experience'}, {'date': '03/10/2008', 'text': "The car is just gorgeous, and a blast to drive. Went for the throaty 3.2 over the 2.0, and I'm glad I did. Not only for the engine, but also for the equipment that's standard instead of optional. It's fast and handles like a dream. I actually want more snow. ", 'favorite': 'The xenon adaptive headlights are incredible. Also love the steering wheel paddle shifters. Great sound system, fit & finish, materials. Just tremendous.'}, {'date': '02/25/2008', 'text': "Had the car for 5 weeks and loved every minute. Hit 2115 miles, oil pressure light came on and car died. Threw a cam, needs entire engine rebuilt, possibly major design flaw with 08's. 4 weeks for repairs so far, and I still don't have it back. I'm trying to get Audi to get me into a brand new replacement vehicle, but they aren't budging ( they just want to fix it). I didn't pay a premium for a rebuilt car. So much for Audi quality", 'favorite': 'When it worked the AWD was awesome, very good in the snow, the one time I got to use it. Handling was great.'}, {'date': '01/07/2008', 'text': 'My first Audi (drove a 1.8T jetta for 5 years); this is one sweet ride. Gone is the turbo lag I had in Jetta, probably due to the Audi manual transmission. Nice smooth shifting, very good acceleration, fuel mileage has been in upper 20s, but car only has 2000 miles on it. The appearance of the grille is very sporty and somewhat mean looking :). I got basic car with 17" wheels, leather, bluetooth and iPod. The interior is beautiful and very comfortable. The ride is smooth and does this car love curves! Overall, the cost of this car is very reasonable. Overall, very pleased at this point. Highly recommend anyone taking a look.', 'favorite': '6 speed manual; nice looking rims; bluetooth; overall appearance is sharp. '}, {'date': '01/01/2008', 'text': "I have an '04 Jetta and i'm completely unhappy with it, probably because I have owned volvos before. I have had this car for about 4 days now and when I get into the car, I feel like I am in the Jetta. The console is still small, with the small cup holders underneath, the ignition jingle never stops until both the driver and passenger have thier sealt belts on, and just all the little things about the Jetta are in A4 that would make you skeptical to pay $41,000 for it. The turbo charger has a delay when u push on the accelerator. I do have to say though, that the seats are comfortable and the styling outside is excellent.", 'favorite': 'Transmission-7spd--great on gas mileage and fun to drive in sport shift mode. Seats--very comfortable. Good power steering is smooth.'}, {'date': '12/15/2007', 'text': "It's indeed a dream car. The design is excellent, top execution and materials. Everything is balanced with very good taste. The danger in this price range is sending the message that you bought the car to show-off. On the contrary, A4 shows that you have a fine taste of spending your money (let's admit it, it's not a cheap car and everybody sees that). The 2.0T has only 200HP but is really powerfull provided that you now how to drive a 4 cyl Turbo engine, i.e., buy a manual transmission and do not ask the engine for maximum thrust at 1500rpm. Downshift, step on the gas and see what a Turbo engine can do. For me, A4 is the ideal compromise between price, aspect and driving experience. ", 'favorite': "The 4WD transmission and the electronic breaking, steering, stabilization, etc, integrate very well. It's a pleasure to race the car, I am saying that as one who drives well but not professionally. The clutch is very smoooth to operate, leading to better control and avoiding unnecessary weariness."}, {'date': '12/15/2007', 'text': 'There are not enough superlatives to accurately describe this car. Fit and finish are fantastic. It offers superior comfort (I\'m 6\'5"), handles like a champ, provides surprising power from its strong 2.0 turbo and provides over 30+ highway MPG! This is a very special automobile.', 'favorite': 'Engine, sound system, styling and fuel economy.'}, {'date': '11/29/2007', 'text': 'This is my third Audi, and by far my favorite. I enjoy the throatiness of the turbo and think that the new 2.0 is one of the ten best engines in the world. I confess to dropping quattro this time both to improve fuel economy and to free up enough $ to spring for the S-Line. Sure all new 2008 sedans have S-line styling on the body, but not the 18" wheels, sport suspension, and superb interior trim. My advice is to spring for it, as you hardly ever see the 18" wheels on A4 and it enhances the look tremendously. I am delighted, too, with the granite gray color which shifts with the changing light and weather... always a pleasure to come across it anew.', 'favorite': 'Great fun-to-fuel efficiency ratio. Interior design and finish is the best on the market.'}, {'date': '11/28/2007', 'text': 'We have only had the car for a month, but we are loving it so far. The ride is very comfortable and quiet, yet the vehicle holds the road extremely well. The styling of the car is beautiful inside and out.', 'favorite': 'We love the look and the feel of the vehicle as we are driving it.'}, {'date': '11/13/2007', 'text': 'I\'ve looked at everything - BMW, Acura, MB, Lexus, etc - finally settled on the Audi and haven\'t regretted it since. The car is a pleasure to drive and it\'s obvious that someone put some thought into building this monster. Fun to drive, beautiful inside and out - can\'t get enough. I didn\'t go with any of the "extra" options - they\'re a bit pricey and don\'t really add much to the experience. I think you can figure out when to turn on the lights and wipers.', 'favorite': "The interior lighting at night is awesome, MP3 player works very well, quattro, huge trunk, and pretty good mileage. Can't wait for snow!"}, {'date': '09/10/2007', 'text': "I've only had it for 3 days, but I love it so far. Good performance for the engine size and handles great. I was torn between getting a pure sports car or pure luxury car, but the A4 has enough of both to please me. The Sport setting on the auto transmission is great for playing around, but sucks the gas too much for day to day driving. I also can't wait for some snow to test the AWD out.", 'favorite': 'Tiptronic transmission, sporty look, pretty decent gas mileage (compared to the Blazer I was driving) and really nice interior.'}, {'date': '09/05/2007', 'text': "Just picked up a new 08 A4 2.0T Quattro with Sport Suspension. (Previously drove an 06 A4 CVT front wheel drive.) After driving the front wheel drive Audi for 2 years (and really liking the way it handled), I was amazed with the Quattro's road handling prowess! On the way home from the dealer, I was on the freeway and naturally fiddling with the stereo adjustments and didn't notice that I was approaching a sharp curve to the left while making a transition from one highway to another. I entered the corner at about 65 (40 advised) and started to go for the brake, but as I turned the wheel, the car simply took the corner like it was on a rail. I kid you not! ", 'favorite': 'Sports car-like handling, 6 speed paddle Tiptronic shifting, Sport shift and over-all interior and exterior looks.'}, {'date': '08/21/2007', 'text': "Looked for a wagon (not SUV) with some style and performance, settled on the A4 with 6-spd and am extremely happy so far. This car is as fun to drive as my 325i (and much more than my CLK430) and can carry stuff to boot. I have had no reliability issues after 3 weeks. I know this isn't the final word, but no horror stories. So far I get about 25 mpg around town (suburbs, not city) and more like 29 hwy, a little less if I feel like having fun. It is not really a lightweight car so this seems acceptable. Interior is very quiet and comfortable, my first 5-hour road trip flew by. Can't wait to see what quattro can do in the snow. ", 'favorite': "Handling, handling, handling - more important than raw horsepower. This car just wants to go and the 6spd lets you maneuver when you need to. Quiet, no rattles or squeaks (incl. brakes) as I've seen others report."}, {'date': '07/29/2007', 'text': "I just picked up my new Audi A4 quattro 2.0T and can't get over this car. I've only had it a week, but I've been entirely impressed thus far. The feel and ride are just great, solid and smooth. Handling is sure and secure. I owned a 2001 VW Jetta GLX previously and was a little unsure of going back to a four cylinder, but the power of the 2.0T feels even better than the V6 in the Jetta. I was also concerned about engine noise and gas mileage. The growl of the Audi exhaust makes me smile and I'm getting about the same in mileage as I was in the Jetta - made the switch back to a 4 cylinder worth it. I got the Audi loaded up with extras.", 'favorite': 'Having no door lock stems.'}, {'date': '07/25/2007', 'text': 'The car can be summed up in one phrase: performance and luxury in a compact design. I drove a 2003 and 2005 3.0L A4 prior to getting this one and the performance stands up well. There is definitely noticeable turbo lag, but this can probably be overcome by changing driving habits. The sound of the engine will also take some getting used to as the turbo is a bit "throatier" than I\'m used to. The car handles extremely well, though, hugging curves and accelerating very smoothly. The now-standard S-Line exterior features definitely give the car a sportier look. The interior is outstanding. The layout is getting better and the list of available features is exhaustive. In all, a great car!', 'favorite': 'Tiptronic paddle shifters, selectable sunroof opening, instrument panel computer, exterior S-Line styling, better cup holder placement, and bi-xenon adaptive headlights.'}]
2008_audi_a5 - [{'date': '02/19/2009', 'text': 'I am an "early adopter" of the A5 in early 2008. After nearly a year of ownership, the car is holding up well. I have had no mechanical problems except a burned-out LED light that was replaced and have noticed no rattles in the car after 12,000 miles.', 'favorite': 'Enduring sheet metal, fit and finish. Mechanically sound with good reliability.'}, {'date': '11/09/2008', 'text': "The Audi A5 is a terrific diver's car. While I would prefer a little more horsepower, I love the way the car handles the road. The nav sys needs to be updated, but other than that, the interior of the vehicle is first rate. ", 'favorite': 'B & O audio system.'}, {'date': '10/06/2008', 'text': "This is my 3rd Audi and to say that I am sold on the brand is an understatement! I got the A6 (new design) when it came out in '05 and loved it. When I saw the A5 and drove it, I had to have it. Yes, we all have egos. It is OK to acknowledge that. I get more looks and thumbs up in this car than any other I have owned. Great car and beautiful design lines. Only thing I would change is transmission shifting as low acceleration - it can be a bit jerky. If you haven't driven one - do it!", 'favorite': 'Front end, lights, and interior - meteor grey with brown ball glove leather - what a combo'}, {'date': '08/14/2008', 'text': 'This car is incredible. You cannot look at it & not be moved or inspired. Anyone who loves cars immediately gravititate to its inspiring curves and uniqueness, a classic. People are just drawn to its stunning design. ', 'favorite': "The sheet metal, interior fit & finish (of course!... it's an Audi), 500 watt sound system, the pride of ownership. This car is simply beautiful!"}, {'date': '08/11/2008', 'text': "I have driven the A5 since turning back my S4 since May. Wow, what an exciting car this is! I like it better than the S4 and find the power to be almost the same. This car is so well engineered with the weight distribution that it allows the 6 cylinder engine to put like a kitten. Gas mileage is reasonable, the running lights are amazing, the exterior design is nothing short of superb, and the interior is both roomy and driver friendly. I could not be without the backup camera due to neck surgery that will not allow me to turn my neck. The backup camera and assistance in backing up are a life saver, as well. I cannot say enough about the A5's drive. I am in love.", 'favorite': 'Great drive, beautiful headlight system, good gas mileage, beautiful exterior lines, great sound system and the best has to be the navigation system with the backup camera with parking assistance.'}, {'date': '08/05/2008', 'text': 'This car is the best handeling car I have ever had the pleasure to drive. I purchased an A5 not the S5 after I had driven both. I could not justify the price difference. I ordered it with the s line package and could not be more pleased. This car is rock solid and handles great. Highly recomend taking a test drive. ', 'favorite': 'Gadgets galore'}, {'date': '07/22/2008', 'text': "I've had my A5 for almost 4 months now, and I still spend a couple moments to admire it before I get in to drive each day. I drove it through the mountains this weekend and had so much fun that I was actually laughing out loud. The handling is great, it's totally comfortable and even has enough room in the back for a child seat. I haven't had a single complaint come up. And yes, it definitely turns a lot of heads when I'm driving it through town. It actually took me a while to get used to all the stares - not that I'm complaining.", 'favorite': "The exterior design is simply in a class of its own. I can't help but smile every time I'm walking towards my car in the parking lot. The upgraded B&H sound system is also amazing, and highly recommended. "}, {'date': '06/27/2008', 'text': "Having never owned a luxury car, this is my first and it did not disappoint my idea of what Audi luxury (or any other manufacturer for that matter) is all about. It is also my first production coupe ownership as well (if you don't count my replica kit roadster.) The exterior of the car is in a class all it's own. It takes some sports car queues and blends them into the coupe in a way no other manufacturer has done as of late. The main attraction are the LED's. People stare, point, stay glued to their rear-view mirrors. The stance from the rear is elegant yet very strong with the 255 wide tires! Interior is simply first class for me. My first leather interior. I love this car.", 'favorite': "LED DRL's! The whole body shape. Milano leather all electric seats. MMI. Memory Keys/remote. Power delivery above 2,000 RPM. Paddle shifters for the tiptronic. 5 spoke Y wheels. The body shape."}, {'date': '06/12/2008', 'text': 'I have owned this car for a couple of months now, and all I can say is wow. Though it is down on horsepower compared to the BMW 335, it completely makes up in looks. Two months ago, I was at a stop light on a main road. A man was too busy looking at my A5, he drove into the car in front of him. I love the fact I got parked in front of the restaurant by valet. I love that I cannot go a night without a compliment, I just love the car.', 'favorite': 'Looks. Color combo (Deep Sea Blue w/ Cinnamon leather), navigation system, quality, fit and finish, the fact it is rare'}, {'date': '06/11/2008', 'text': 'After a few weeks of ownership, I have learned that the A5 continues to impress, and truly is the beautiful girl whom you can marry and live with. The most amazing epiphany is remarkable fuel efficiency that exceeds EPA estimates of 18 and 27. I have averaged 26 in city, 34 on highway! My weekly trip to Costco also revealed I could transport abundant cargo; 3 large boxes of diapers and baby wipes, detergent, gallons of juice, and more. ', 'favorite': 'The iPhone integration is seemless and voice quality is excellent. Fuel efficiency is appreciated with $4 a gallon gas. Rear-view camera quality with parking guide is very helpful and easy to use.'}, {'date': '05/29/2008', 'text': "My first week with A5 reveals it's a well-made car. Exterior design appears even much more beautiful in real life than the pictures. Walter de Silva (designer) was right when he says A5 is his best design. Interior design is peerless, controls perfect and intuitive, fit and finish defines fit and finish. Audi design doing in the auto world what Apple computers did in the computer world. Performance of the V-6 is not as robust as the BMW 335i coupe, which was the other car to choose from. However, A5 is powerful enough for everything besides drag- racing. ", 'favorite': 'I admire the exterior design, LED lights, advanced key, Bluetooth phone and MMI, quattro stability, beautiful cinnamon brown leather seats matches black exterior.'}, {'date': '05/28/2008', 'text': "Drop dead gorgeous. Da Silva is a genius. This is my first Audi (but coincidentally, this is the 6th among my whole family). Almost bought the 3 series and then saw the A5 was coming out in the states. The outside is absolutely stunning, the inside design is beautiful but ridiculously comfortable. I drive 3 hours a day going to and from work and my commute couldn't be any more fun than it is now. Audi's made me a fan for life.", 'favorite': "The entire car design. The engine and handling. The interior. The high gas mileage for the neck snapping performance. Would love an S5 but not for the commute - couldn't ask for more efficiency with this much power."}, {'date': '05/20/2008', 'text': "All I can say is if you are thinking about buying it and you have the money to do so do it. it is the nicest car I've owned and I own many cars including BMW's and Mercedes. When you drive down the highway the amount of brakelights you see in the opposite direction as the try to catch a longer glimpse of you is astounding.The car is amazing, I love it!", 'favorite': 'My hands down favorite features are those sexy daytime running lightsand the lines on the side panels, and of course the way the front mereges cleanily with the roof into the back...from the side it kinda looks like a Porsche the way the roof merges with the trunk.'}, {'date': '05/17/2008', 'text': 'The A5 is a truly exceptional car. The finish and fit is perfect. Absolutely no imperfections. The suspension is firm but not harsh with very slight oversteer. It is comfortable, fast, and gets a lot of attention everywhere I go. The fuel economy is better than the ratings indicate. On a recent 1400 mile trip from Ft. Lauderdale to Gainesville GA and back, I averaged 30.85 miles per gallon at 80-85 MPH. ', 'favorite': 'My favorite feature is the handling. The all wheel drive makes for exceptional cornering. I also love that it gets good gas milage.'}, {'date': '05/05/2008', 'text': 'Forget turning heads, this car snaps necks. I have only had the car 2 weeks, but there is nothing I am not thrilled with. The value, drive, style and technology are all superior to any other car I considered. I originally wanted an S5, but just cannot justify the extra ~90HP given the fuel economy difference. ', 'favorite': 'This car is amazing, inside and out. From the LED running lights through the curves and lines of the body, this car has a presence that is unmistakable and magnetic. Make sure you get the S package for the 19" Y spoke wheels.'}, {'date': '05/03/2008', 'text': "I am a huge fan of Audis, and this one takes the cake. It's got a gorgeous body shape (kudos to Walter de'Silva), perfect watchmaker-quality interior, and is oh-so-fun to drive. It's not a barnburner like the S5, but it's more than adequate for me and will save me a few speeding tickets. I've had so many second glances, head turns, and people stopping me in parking lots and traffic lights to ask about it. I actually like the fact that they're very rare and will slowly trickle onto the market over the next 1-2 years. For people who like to blend in the crowd and follow the status quo, then go buy a boring BMW (with crap interior and total crap stereo/tech). This A5 is for me!", 'favorite': 'Amazing B&O stereo, interior appointments and quality, ride quality (except for small road bumps). Of course, the LED dayrunner lights are way cool! And, the trunk is massive.'}, {'date': '04/27/2008', 'text': "This car is truly the first car I've ever been excited to own and to drive. The exterior design is breathtaking, the interior quality is phenomenal. If you're looking to have adults ride in the back seat, this isn't the car for you (especially if you're tall like I am). MMI much easier to use that BMW's iDrive; iPod integration and Sirius satellite makes the 6CD changer almost an afterthought. Cellphone with Bluetooth integrates in seconds. Manual 6 makes the most out of the engine; I recommend it over the 6A (the gimmicky faux manual in it isn't that exciting). Trunk is huge, overly large for its class. ", 'favorite': 'Exterior styling (headlights are fantastic and beautiful), interior build quality, Bluetooth and iPod integration, navigation, handling and braking.'}, {'date': '04/13/2008', 'text': 'I\'ve owned everything from Porsche 911 to the Cayenne Turbo, from Lexus SC430 to BMW 745i and Mercedes CLS. For the money this new AUDI "Rocks". Don\'t sell the 911 but for everyday zips to work this new A5 not only saves a little in gas but offers on nice comfortable ride. If you like all the bells with true performance then this car is for you and if your luck to own, you know what I mean. Thanks Audi!', 'favorite': 'Off the line acceleration for a six is impressive. Interior and exterior design. My son put it best "there isn\'t anything about this car I don\'t like". '}, {'date': '03/28/2008', 'text': "Owning and driving this vehicle is like a breath of fresh air. Despite the fact that it's a lot of fun to drive, the positive attention that is received is unbelievable. I was surprised that certain people had no idea that Audi was launching an A5 model until they saw mine on the road.", 'favorite': 'The look and styling of the car is immaculate. I cannot keep my eyes off of it. The daytime running LED lights are a huge hit and the S-Line package that is available on the A5 is actually nicer looking than the S5. '}, {'date': '03/23/2008', 'text': "My first Audi and so far is excellent. Loaded A5 (all options except S-line package), ride is fantastic...great in corners, straight, smooth and very quiet on highways. Acceleration is very good and feels quick (better then my '05 Acura TL), especially in sport mode. Audi delivers amazing interiors with high quality. Backseat is okay for small kids, but almost unusable for adults. I'm a tall/big guy who fits very comfortably up front. Technology is great - imports entire Blackberry phone book in one shot with excellent Bluetooth connection. MMI is not difficult to learn, but can be cumbersome. Voice activation not live on the A5. Overall, great blend of luxury and sporty ride. ", 'favorite': 'Quality interior, styling, technology, rise (acceleration and quiet).'}, {'date': '03/10/2008', 'text': 'With fuel prices the way they are, I just couldn\'t see living with the low mileage of the 8 cyl, so I opted for the 6 cyl instead. The dealer had an A5 with an Audi factory installed S5 option (cosmetic kit) so I have S-Line interior trim, upgraded 19" wheels (that I like better than the "S") and claimed mileage up to 32 MPG (we\'ll see - I do a lot of highway driving).', 'favorite': 'The AWD is cool in the corners - and the electronics package is complete.'}, {'date': '02/25/2008', 'text': "I've owned more than 18 cars over the past 23 years (mostly premium imports -- Audi, BMW, MB, Lexus, Acura), and the A5 is one of my favorites. It's an exceptional combination of style, performance, comfort and build quality. No car can do everything perfectly, but this one does so many things extremely well. I might even keep this car longer than a year or two. ", 'favorite': "Styling -- I'm not overly concerned by what others think of my car, but I have gotten a kick out of how many heads this car turns. Build quality -- does anyone do interiors better than Audi?"}, {'date': '02/13/2008', 'text': "A5 is not for everyone. It's for the experienced drivers to savor all the perks of driving very touchy and agile vehicle. Strong. Solid design in and out.", 'favorite': 'Design-wise, I love the daytime running lights made as a stripe of lights underscoring the headlights. Driving is a vacation from work and family, if you know what I mean. This car provides both.'}, {'date': '01/05/2008', 'text': 'Audi is the only car that I would even consider driving through the countryside of England in the winter(!) period, especially with my children in tow. This company is doing everything right and has even surpassed BMW (I still own a Mini) in quality and comfort. Audi has won me over in consistency and an above average desire to please its new customers. These cars contain something the others have lost - character. Audi is the company that got me interested in automobiles which I never thought would happen.', 'favorite': 'The interior is the most comfortable of any mass produced vehicles in the world period! I have owned everything and even some things in between and Audi is the car of now.'}]
2008_audi_a6 - [{'date': '09/22/2009', 'text': 'I\'ll agree with the editor\'s reviews that the low-end torque is an issue. She\'s just a bit slow off the starting line, but she shines once she\'s on the road. There\'s plenty of pedal when you need it, and I think she runs the best slightly above the recommended speed limit. I\'ve owned Toyota\'s, BMW\'s and of course American cars. The Audi is my favorite to date. You won\'t be sorry, if you go this direction. I\'m always getting compliments on this car, yet you don\'t feel too "cocky" driving it.', 'favorite': 'The MMI is awesome. Passing power on the highway is terrific. Highway mileage has been much better than expected. I had a 6 hour drive recently and was getting 31 MPG!!'}, {'date': '04/18/2009', 'text': 'We\'ve been a Volvo family for over 15 years and decided to "step up" to an Audi after thorough research and test drives. The car is beautify, spacious, and has more gadgets than we need but the kids love it. The ride is spectacular. However, in just 14 months we have had to take the car back 5 times for check engine light. One of the Cylinders (#5) they tell us is bad. The car has stalled on my wife stranding her and my daughter at the side of the road. We are delighted with their road-side assistance and loaner program but frankly miffed that we\'ve had to use it about every other month. At this time we are not happy with our decision. I also see others have had the same issue.', 'favorite': 'Smooth ride, solid feel, front appearance is great.'}, {'date': '03/18/2009', 'text': 'I have a fully loaded Q7 and love it for its size and looks. But my husband has wanted another Audi so we went out and got a fully loaded A6. Could not be happier with it. After being pleased with Audi we went out and got another one a R8 for the power. But out of all of the cars we like the A6 the best for its looks and power and all the stuff you can get on it. Such as Keyless go (we payed extra to get that installed) Navigation, backup camera, and sensors, the blinds in the back, wood steering wheel. ', 'favorite': 'Keyless go, blinds in the back, wood steering wheel, navigation, backup camera and sensors, heated seats, and electronic trunk closer.'}, {'date': '03/06/2009', 'text': "Previously had a BMW 5 and loved it. No problems. Decided to try the A6 and am very pleased. Performance is more than I expected and the quality of the car's interior is impressive. The car is very quite and seems well built. Handling is great as is the fuel mileage.", 'favorite': 'Bose sound system'}, {'date': '02/27/2009', 'text': "From the outside to the inside, the A6 has beautiful features. The interior is plush and comfortable. The seat positions take you from a sports car feel to an executive luxury car. The MMI & sound system is fantastic, but I'm disappointed that the iPod integration is not on voice activation. Took a few days to master, but once understood, the MMI is easy to operate.", 'favorite': 'The interior features are excellent. The best time to drive the car is at night when all the dash lights are on. Voice activation is great.'}, {'date': '02/15/2009', 'text': 'Love the exterior classy lines, interior is beautiful. The Bose sound system and iPod integration is fantastic. However the jury is still out on the handling. The car seem to have a lot of play in the steering and very poor weight distribution, also I find the car to have poor visibility. The Navigation System and Blue Tooth leaves a lot to be desired. (German car engineers should take note of Japanese technology). The S line looks great with its wider tires, but has very stiff seats. All in all the car feels very solid, and luxurious.', 'favorite': 'Sensational looks inside and out, the amazing Bose sound system and iPod integration. Love the light accents in the cabin and outside front doors (must set these). Great acceleration in S gear. Audi A6 has a fabulous Solid feel.'}, {'date': '02/01/2009', 'text': "My wife and I spent over a month researching and test driving midsize luxury cars and when it was all done, the Audi A6 was the clear winner. About 6 weeks later we have no regrets. It's styling and build easily surpass its competitors. The MMI is not that difficult to learn. My wife, no techie, but has mastered it and is now a big fan of the system. It just takes a little patience to learn a new way of doing things. iPod interface is excellent and the NAV system is very well implemented. Lane assist is a great safety feature and works well. I much prefer the Audi to BMW, MB or Lexus. For us, the runner up was the Infinity M35.", 'favorite': 'Quattro, MMI, great iPod interface, 2 screen NAV system, exterior and especially interior styling and finish, really quiet and smooth on highway, MPG is excellent with V6, lane assist, keyless entry, rearview camera and sensors, great trunk. lighting accents in cabin at night'}, {'date': '01/01/2009', 'text': '3rd Audi, and extremely happy with how the deign has matured. Smooth cornering, pick up, quiet cabin, butter start up process, intuitive controls. ', 'favorite': 'Look (Brilliant Black with Amaretto Brown), stereo sound, S-Line interior upgrade. Nice car, however Audi still has "annoying" small improvements, not big enough to stop me from buying, but from a practical perspective reaching to the glove compartment for CD/iPod connection is "stupid"!'}, {'date': '12/14/2008', 'text': 'Reading good reviews by the editor as well as some owners, my daughter decided to give it a try...I wish she did not. The car has 10,500 miles on it. It is 1.5 years old. She came here to Milwaukee for a funeral. On the way from Chicago the yellow light came on. As soon as she got out of the highway the car stalled. She called the road assistance as well as the leasing company and they told her to try starting it. The car started. They told her that since this is just the yellow light drive it and bring it in when you are back. On the way to the funeral the car stalled again 3 times! She had to borrow mine, left the car parked on the street. This is the Audi/German luxury ', 'favorite': 'Decent handling'}, {'date': '11/10/2008', 'text': "This is my 2nd Audi A6 and the 2008 sure does beat out my old '00 A6. Everything is much improved. I avg. 31 MPG on the highway and 18 in the city. The only thing I truely miss is the ol' twin turbo. It would have been nice to have it again. This is a very solid care. Great stereo. By far the best cruise control I have ever seen. The NAV is a must, extremely accurate and again one of the best I've seen. Handling is tight as you dive into turns. I've had many 4 wheel drive trucks and cars and I can assure you this car with stock tires never fails me while traveling through the Pocono Mtns in PA. The brakes are undescribable. The car stops on a dime. Excellent car! ", 'favorite': 'Navigation, brakes, cruise contro,l fuel economy.'}, {'date': '11/02/2008', 'text': "Couldn't be happier with the car. Considered the normal peers (E350 4matic, 530x, Acura RL, M35x, etc). Drove them all but felt that the A6 was the best overall package - drive, interior and exterior styling, options/ capabilities, etc) - and importantly at the most attractive price. Have owned BWM (330ci), Audi (A4), Acura (Legend) and spent a lot of time in MB (E) and Lexus (GS). Like my A6 better than any of them. ", 'favorite': 'Interior and exterior styling, safe feeling of drive'}, {'date': '10/25/2008', 'text': "Overall the A6 is an excellent car. I have had it for a week and I'm in love everything about the car. The only thing I don't really like is the cupholders, not very conviniently located but no biggie. It doesn't have many places to put stuff though, glove compartment is rather small and center arm rest is small also. Other than that the car is awesome. Would have liked a wooden steering wheel standard for such a high price car. ", 'favorite': 'MMI, bluetooth, ipod integration'}, {'date': '10/21/2008', 'text': 'Past vehicles include Lexus, BMW, Porsche and this one ranks right up there with the. Got rid of BMW 330CI convertible and SUV for one year round vehicle and this is the perfect fit. Was concerned about lack of power, but dropping it down into sport mode completely changes the character of this car. ( the "S" under the "d" in the tranny is not 2nd it is sport mode). Handling is fantastic and a blast to drive on curvy, winding roads. Not sure what a prior post was talking about, however, I have v6 not the v8. This 4 door sedan is as fun to drive as my BMW convt. Smooth,comfortable, stable, classy, elegant, sporty, roomy and AWD for these WI winters. Average 29mpg on a 250 mile trip. Not much to complain about, I like this car more than I imagined I would. Thought I was sacrificing sport/fun for year round comfort. I did not.', 'favorite': 'Love the MMI - a little bit of a learning curve, but now can operate it blind. Nav., great sound system, gas mileage without giving up performance. '}, {'date': '09/29/2008', 'text': 'I have had MBs 280, 380, 560, 430, 600 BMWs 740 (2), Porsche Carrera 4, Maserati and others, oh and of course an Audi S4 - and I think I have finally grown up, at least it feels like it. This is a car that feels any bit as nice, maybe better, as my 2002 MB 430S, both ergonomically, aestetically and has more gadgets than I need, but I use them all, bluetooth, i-pod, Nav system (far out) and has a great ride. Ok, so the 6 Cyl. may not be a V8, but it is plenty peppy and I am happy. ', 'favorite': 'The whole packet.'}, {'date': '09/08/2008', 'text': "I looked at all cars that could possibly fit my criteria. I wanted top performance in a 4 wheel drive car. I finally settled on the A6. Although this car is fantastic in so many ways,the lack of road feel and poor wieght distribution is very unsettling. I can't understand why they would build a great car, but which lacks basic handling characteristics. My daughter's '06 Accord has much better road feel and handling characteristics than this car. I would even go so far as to say this car is quite dangerous if you try to drive it on a curvy road at high speed. The V8 is too much power for the poor handling. I am very dissapointed I wish I would have gone with the BMW", 'favorite': 'Solid feel and interior. Quality craftmanship.'}, {'date': '06/15/2008', 'text': 'Amazing vehicle. Smooth ride, plenty of power. Great easy to use features on the interior. Fantastic!', 'favorite': 'Love the MMI. So well thought out and easy to operate.'}, {'date': '05/30/2008', 'text': "The 2008 A6 replaced my 2001 A6. While the 2001 A6 was a solid car, Audi has upped their game significantly with the 2008. The build quality is outstanding - equal or better than my wife's MB E320. The interior is beautiful, a great blend of class and high tech. The car is very fun to drive, tight in turns, plenty of pep for a V6 and the MPG is far better than the the gov't ratings - 26/27mpg in mixed driving, 30+mpg on the road. The MMI system with the Bose/Sirius is easy to use, and the high tech display is excellent. The cabin is very quiet, so you can really enjoy the great sound system - great improvement from the Audi Symphony system in my 2001 A6. Overall, this is a terrific car. ", 'favorite': 'Quattro AWD, design, responsiveness, build quality, comfort, integrated technology, MPG. '}, {'date': '05/11/2008', 'text': "We have had the car for about 6 months and it is a perfect family wagon. It has plenty of room for a family of four and a dog. It gets about 25 mpg in mixed driving and 29 on a recent highway trip. I have been a Japanese car fan for the last 10 years after several BMWs left me wanting something with less maint. down time. I saw that the Audi reliability ratings were getting to a point that I felt comfortable giving an Audi a try. It's only been 6 months, but so far not one problem. We also live in New England and wanted all wheel drive, but we didn't want a truck. It was great in the snow and handles like a sports car on the dry pavement.", 'favorite': 'All wheel drive, MPG, performance, fit and finish, and reliability. '}, {'date': '05/05/2008', 'text': "I was in the market for an all-wheel drive german executive car, so my choices were the MB E350 4Matic, BMW 535xi, or the Audi A6 3.2, and I went with the Audi. And I really think I made the right choice. I don't like the idea that underneath it's a Passat, but the interior styling is unmatched and look nothing alike. The Quattro system works beautifully in all conditions. I'm getting about 31MPG average, which is great for this sized car. I'm just slightly disapointed with the acceleration. When merging on a highway(especially in NJ!), it's somewhat lazy and throttle response isn't as immediate as I hoped for. Like all Audi.s, the ride is firm, so beware of long trips. ", 'favorite': "Audi SatNav is wondeful. Heated seats can melt your bottom in minutes. Quattro system. Solid ride and feel. Roomy back seats. Large trunk. Fuel comsumption. Nice engine sound (when it feels its ready to rev) Great handling. Hasn't gone wrong once. "}, {'date': '04/15/2008', 'text': 'My third A6 offers loads of improvements over its earlier siblings. Ride is significantly more solid. Handling is so precise it\'s like a vacuum sucking the backtop. Engine performance is powerful and at least 10% more economical than the 3.0 in my previous 2003 A6. Views are stimulating from approaching the vehicle to behind the wheel. Several minor cost cutting steps should be noted: more narrow seats and thinner cushions than the previous models, door pockets are "cheaper," manual fuel filler door replaces and automatic release, head restrants no- longer swivel. I also miss oil temp. and volt gauges. ', 'favorite': 'MultiMedia Interface (MMI) which allows customization of passive vehicle features and controls radio and bluetooth/telephone functions are in easy reach and easy to learn. Cruise is more intuitive. Design and assembly details both in and out beats everything else in its class.'}, {'date': '04/01/2008', 'text': 'This is my second Audi A6 and this is an entirely new vehicle that was redesigned from the bottom up. On a 350 mile trip at avg speed of 75mph I got 30 MPG! Quiet cabin, great ergonomics,and the NAV is the best I have ever seen. The sound system is fantastic. Headlights are improved. I did find the sunroof to be a little small but it is not as important compared to all the positives.', 'favorite': 'Navigation. Stereo. Awesome headlights. Cruise control features are much improved. Heated steering wheel is very nice. '}, {'date': '01/12/2008', 'text': 'Driving dynamics are brilliant. The car rides like a train on the rails. There is no slipping nor sliding. Quattro system makes sure of that. Every mechanical component works in total harmony with each other. The interior appointments must be an envy of every other automaker. From the incredible ergonomics to the impeccable attention to the slightest details, this car clearly is a winner.', 'favorite': 'Warm cabin environment combined with easy and intuitive use of every accessory make this car stand out from the crowd. MMI, heated steering wheel, Interior lighting, keyless entry & start, navigation system, rear electric sunshade are among my favorites. '}, {'date': '10/30/2007', 'text': "I have owned Lexus, BMW, Volvo, Jaguar, Acura and this is my second Audi. Living in Canada with the relatively harsh winters and hot/humid summers I have found that the Quattro system in the Audi is by far the best I have ever driven for all year driving. Interior fit and finish and the intuitive design/layout make it something that I haven't had to this extent in any of the previously owned or tested cars. Each time my lease is up I go out and test each of the previously mentioned manufacturers, plus Infiniti, and go through all the pros and cons, including cost, performance, all year maintenance, and passion for the car. Service has been top notch! Great car all around.", 'favorite': 'MMI, comfortable seats, all year drivability with the amazing Quattro system, interior fit and finish.'}, {'date': '09/12/2007', 'text': 'With this car I am fully in control and it grabs the ground like an ice pick to ice, the growl of the engine just makes you wanna go faster and faster, this car is by far better than any BMW out there, with its AWD platform you can make curves like they were straight lines.', 'favorite': 'My favorite feature is that if you go without satellite service the navigation will be within 3 inches from where you left off.'}, {'date': '08/26/2007', 'text': 'We researched, watched and waited for just the right sedan to come to market. I compared features, performance, comfort and reliability for all sedans in the A6 category and there is no other car that would rank higher than 8.5 now or in the next years model. The steering capability with the S-Line sports suspension is what makes driving this car so much fun yet comfortable. I love the unique color (Daytona Grey) in a time when almost everything on the road is the same. The ability to power hard into your corners smoothly will never make you feel like you purchased something second rate. The MMI is fabulous and intuitive. My wife went from the A4 to this and just loves it immensely.', 'favorite': "You feel like you're driving an A8 without paying for one. The right amount of acceleration, size and sportiness while enjoying maximum comfort. The MMI w/ navigation, bluetooth, Bose sound is easy to use. The exterior color changes depending on the time of day. It makes my wife happy."}, {'date': '08/05/2007', 'text': 'My previous car was a Porsche Cayenne S, a 350 hp nimble beast of an SUV. It was a blast to drive. I thought I would never find a replacement. The Porsche is a distant memory now that I am driving the Audi A6 4.2. It is nice to be driving a sedan instead of an SUV. The ride is super smooth, quiet and with 350 hp this car can really take off. Audi has done a fantastic job with the fit and finish as well as integrating state of the art technology without overloading the instrument bay. The outside of the car is elegant and tasteful. The 2008 A6 4.2 comes standard with the S-Line font grille and bumpers which add a nice flare to the body.', 'favorite': 'I love the push button start, Bose sound system, navigation system, the bluetooth phone integration and voice commands.'}]
2008_audi_q7 - [{'date': '08/24/2009', 'text': 'Our Q7 has been at the dealer for the past 45 days and they have no estimate as to when they will return it. This car has been a nightmare. Brakes started screeching at 2000 miles and in the 2.5 years that I have owned this car, it has been at the dealer over 20 times (excluding scheduled maintenance). The starter has been replaced twice which requires the entire engine to be pulled from the vehicle (nice design). Audi does have roadside assistance which is nice since I have had to utilize this service 6 times to have the vehicle towed to the dealer. The Q7 S-line is a cool looking SUV, if the cool design does not turn heads, the screeching brakes will!', 'favorite': ' '}, {'date': '01/28/2009', 'text': "I've had this vehicle now for about 9 months and completely love it. Mine has most of the extra bells and whistles, and I have been totally spoiled by the features - even the ones I thought I'd never use (keyless entry/start, lane assist, back up camera). With the 21 inch wheels this thing corners and handles more like a sports car than a SUV. But the beefy curb weight (while providing for a sense of security and impervious-ness-ity) definitely makes for less than thrilling accelerations. I expected this though when I bought it, so no surprises there. A few minor issues with squealing brakes and the like have been promptly handled by Audi care and all-in-all I am very happy with my Q7.", 'favorite': 'Keyless start/entry. Handling with the 21 inch tires. Look/feel of s-line. Feeling of security. Technological features '}, {'date': '12/09/2008', 'text': 'Love the car except the electronics. Console buttons shorted out from windex used to clean off finger prints. Really bad design as the buttons are not sealed and will short out with only a couple of drops. Audi will not stand behind. Cost $1000 to replace in the first 6 months. Afraid to use the cup holders that are located above the elect. 2 drops and another $1000. pule the hassle. Want my Range Rover back. ', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '10/15/2008', 'text': 'I have Q7 Premium S-line 4.2, absolutely great, fun to drive. But, it would not be so great without all features. In my opinion adaptive air suspension is a must, adaptive cruise control is fun, great help, but be careful, it provides safety, but stay alert, in critical situations you need to take over. Parking sensors is also a must with such relatively large vehicle. The line assist possible saved me already from couple of dangerous situations and side assist also, although it takes some effort to learn to look at it. A lot of features and after 5 months I am still discovering how to use them in concert effectively. Tested BMW X5 (too small) and Merc. GL550, did not like the controls', 'favorite': 'Adaptive air suspension. Adaptive cruise control. '}, {'date': '09/05/2008', 'text': "My husband purchased this car for me and traded in our A4 cab for it. I loved it at first. Then a month into ownership, the trunk latch broke. It wouldn't close all the way so I had to drive the hour away to the nearest dealership (twice) to get it fixed. 2 weeks ago, my MMI system stopped working and it was stuck to only play CDs. I took it in today and was told you're out of luck because you spilled something on it. Had I known this was such a common problem, I wouldn't have bought this car. Now I have to shell out the money out of pocket to replace the MMI system. After reading a bunch of reviews, it seems to be an extremely common problem. ", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '09/01/2008', 'text': 'Drove 4700 miles from Ohio to Wyoming and Montana, thru Chief Joseph highway and Beartooth pass. Typtronic tranmission was spectacular in moving through the passes, hair-pin turns and altitudes over 11000 ft. Six passengers very comfortable. Gas mileage acceptable and with hi speed western states 75mph limits a real dream to drive. Rear camera very helpful in parallel parking and in exiting parking lots. The water bottle storage in the doors was easy access and convienent. Air conditioning throughout the whole car was effictive. Access to rear seats challenging but once seated, very comfortable. Great car for a great trip.', 'favorite': 'Dynamic look. Stable at high speeds. Water bottle storage in doors a great idea. Sirius radio great on long trip without any local stations around. '}, {'date': '08/30/2008', 'text': 'I love the car but am so disappointed that with a Britax diplomat infant rear-facing seat (one of the smallet, most narrow on the market) installed in the center position (the safest), I can only use one of the two adjacent seats. The other is unusable because you cannot access the seat belt buckle! Even in my old A6 wagon this was not a problem. Further, with a carseat in the center location, it is impossible to move the seats forward to access the third row. You can move the carseat to the left or right but then your two rear passengers (imagine grandma and grandpa) are squished together and the one in the center has a very small seat. This is a silly problem to have in an SUV.', 'favorite': 'I love everything but the carseat issue. I suggest you try your carseat(s) before you buy this car. '}, {'date': '07/21/2008', 'text': "OK. Here we go. How do we make the case to not lease our fourth minivan in over ten years? Currently three children 10, 7 and 5. Get the whole family in the van and go visit the Q7. You won't regret it I promise. I know we need all that space and cupholders, but still just go check it out...you deserve it! Maybe, just maybe, the kids can sacrifice a little for mom and dad. Afterall, this vehicle has everything you need to survive as a family of five and it performs, looks and rides like no minivan I've ever owned in the the last ten years. I drive a BMW 5 series so this is for my wife. But, this vehicle alone has made me consider an Audi for myself.", 'favorite': 'I have to say the back up camera, panorama sunroof, mmi system, third row seat comfort and those 20" wheels with all season tires for all year beauty.'}, {'date': '06/07/2008', 'text': 'Shopped for while... Mercedes, BMW... test drove all. All great but Q7 won. Special ordered, S-line, adaptive cruse and adaptive suspension together was worth waiting for. Love line assist and parking assist system. Bought 16GB USB drive and have all my favorite music at my steering wheel controls. ', 'favorite': 'Adaptive cruise control, adaptive air suspension, MMI with USB connection.'}, {'date': '06/04/2008', 'text': 'Purchased this vehicle for my wife because of increased need for space but without the minivan appearance. It has been a pleasure to drive with good handling (minimal body roll) and reasonable acceleration for the class of car. (I drive an RS4 and still enjoy the Q7). The ride can be rough, however, especially at lower speeds -- some likely related to 20" wheels that were a part of the s-line package. Wish the air suspension was an option on the 3.6 which would likely improve ride quality. Gas mileage is reasonable with the 3.6 (21mpg at 70 mph) given size/wt of vehicle. I\'m willing to take 5-7 mpg hit over a minivan for the sportier ride and appearance.', 'favorite': 'Nice exterior appearance with s-line (especially 20" five spoke wheels which a very easy to clean). The car is unique appearing vehicle. Interior layout and space. MMI and quality of Bose surround sound. Panorama sunroof. Steering wheel mounted controls'}, {'date': '05/09/2008', 'text': "Had an 02 and 05 X5 but needed something larger. Now have 3000 miles and no problems. Love the S-Line option but Audi takes 2 points off the residual value for leases which doesn't seem fair when you pay more.", 'favorite': 'Roomy, backup camera and parking assist, S-Line appearance, wheels, steering wheel. Large moonroof (option) with shade that still leaves some light come thru. Sharp looking exterior, MMI interface. Blue tooth and steering wheel phone controls'}, {'date': '04/28/2008', 'text': "I have had my Q7 4.2 premium s line for about 3 weeks. I just came back from a trip to North Carolina and I am in love. I think that the best feature hands down is the lane assist; it makes everything easier and you always are aware of your surroundings. I have owned an ML, X5, Range Rover, Escalade, 4 runner, Montero, and I don't regret or miss anything from those vehicles.", 'favorite': 'Power, brakes, head turner, '}, {'date': '04/21/2008', 'text': 'After driving a bulky Expedition for 5 years, I really wanted a car. But with kids and lots of carpooling, a car was out of the question. I really needed 3rd row seating. My quest was to find an SUV that handled like a car. After lots of test drives, nothing compared to driving the Audi Q7. It was actually fun to drive! The all wheel drive makes turning ratios a breeze. I bought the 4.2 L and wow can it go! I love the MMI (takes a few hours to get used to but it is a great system). Seats are very comfortable, 2nd row seat huge, 3rd row I can sit in comfortably (I\'m 5\'6"). Interior is so cool at night with lots of red lights. The huge sunroof is a must. ', 'favorite': 'Drives like a car, can shift down to "sport" mode and take off, MMI interface was easy to use, very luxurious, 2nd row very roomy, sound system rocks, phone intergration was a breeze, iPod automatically shows all of your music on MMI, automatic tailgate, beautiful SUV that gets tons of compliments!'}, {'date': '04/11/2008', 'text': "I've had my Q7 for a few weeks now and I couldn't be more impressed with it. The ride, design, and comfort is unsurpassed. Being a technophile, this vehicle leaves you asking for no more. The iPod/iPhone interface is seamless, the navigation is easy to use and the overall MMI provides you with any information you could ask for. I selected the adaptive air suspension option, and that has turned out to be a great option, giving the car an adjustable ride, depending on the conditions. ", 'favorite': 'Ride, comfort, technology, bluetooth, iPhone interface. The sound system is also fantastic.'}, {'date': '01/08/2008', 'text': "I've owned a Volvo XC90 AWD since 2004 and I was looking for a change. I narrowed my choices down to the BMW X5, Land Rover and the Audi Q7. After many back-to-back-to-back test drives I bought the Q7 and I have never looked back! This car continues to impress and amaze me with it's effortless driving and sumptuous interior... this is my first Audi and it won't be my last. The MMI system works great (much better than the iDrive in my wife's BMW 3 series) and the advanced parking system makes short work of tight parking spaces.", 'favorite': 'Comfort, power, room, quietness, MMI interface makes using all of the cars features EASY, sound system is fantastic, easy iPhone integration through the MMI, easy Bluetooth connection.'}, {'date': '09/14/2007', 'text': "This is my first return to a German car in 6 years. This car feels rock solid. The handling and seating position makes for comfortable commutes on DC's Capital Beltway. The parking sensors and rear backup camera are great. The MMI and nav. system takes some setup and getting used to, but once you've mastered it, it is quick and convenient. The 6 speed auto delivers on its promises. ", 'favorite': 'The panorama sunroof, parking assistance features, handling, and fantastic interior design quality and build. Great lighting scheme, inside and out. '}, {'date': '08/14/2007', 'text': "I rented a 07 3.6 for two weeks in March. The ride is much smoother, handling not as stiff, brakes not as touchy compared to the 07 I rented. The standard front sensors and rear parking camera are incredible. The slight front bucket seats are very comfortable. The standard 20 inch wheels are a great touch at medium and high speeds but a little rigid at speeds below 45mph. Better off with these 20s than the 19s or 18s when it comes to handling.The acceleration, S turn capability, ride are perfect. Stereo system doesn't get any better. For driving around town, I suggest getting the 3.6. Second row leg room would better for a SUV of this size. A Plus grade over all.", 'favorite': 'Rear parking camera, front parking sensors, stereo system, and acceleration, perfect metallic finish, driver visibility, plush leather interior, sports sedan like handling.'}, {'date': '08/06/2007', 'text': "The 08 has front and rear parking sensors which are perfect addition. The front seats have a slight bucket which is also new. The MMI is very easy to use but have to agree with others that the nav. system takes getting used too. The handling and acceleration are incredible, taking hard S turns in the Q7 is a lot of fun. The brakes aren't as sensitive as the 07's. The 20 inch wheels are also standard. The ride with these at lower speeds is a little noisy but over 45 it's smooth sailing. Better to have these 20s than have the 18s or 19s with less handing. This Q7 needs to be driven hard on the highways or along coastal or mountain passes. This is not a putt around town SUV.", 'favorite': 'Power. Braking. Handling. Style. MMI/sound system. Comfort. Driver seat visibility, front and rear parking sensors. Amazing exterior detail (paint finish is A plus). My Q7 has gotten a lot of compliments (it is a real head turner). Rims and 20 inch wheels. The leather and real wood interior detail.'}]
2008_audi_rs4 - [{'date': '07/24/2009', 'text': "This is one of the greats, for sure. Classic lines, great build quality, amazing powertrain. The engine always feels 'on boil' and the transmission gearing matches the power band perfectly. Great noises - I almost never turn on the radio with this engine and exhaust note filling the cabin. Still gets a lot of looks even though the B8 body style is out. I'll be keeping this one for a long time to come. ", 'favorite': 'Engine, acceleration, exhaust note, brakes, exterior appearance.'}, {'date': '03/27/2009', 'text': "This is one of the Best cars out there, better than a BMW M3 or M5, Better than a Benz 63AMG. I enjoyed Herb's comments on this car, obviously he's never driven an RS4 and must dislike Audi. Anyone who compares this car to an EVO is, well, not well informed. Best of luck to you Herb!! LOL There's no car out that that can compare to this, it looks like a cute little kitty, but can tear your head right off. Handling is out of this world and has a fully defeatable traction control which blows your mind.", 'favorite': 'Acceleration, build and quality.'}, {'date': '02/25/2009', 'text': 'First, the Review by Herb posted earlier about this car...is complete nonsense. He clearly has NOT driven an RS4. Everyone that goes for a ride or drives this car...wants one! This is a monster in a business suit! It can rip 100mph quickly from stoplight to stoplight, if you are not careful. This car is about performance and handling with a lot of luxury. Any mention of an Evo or a Subi is ridiculous...this is not an A4 review. The suspension on the RS4 can turn 75-80mph on the highway exchange loop, yes I have done this several times. It performs that well! The car can be pushed farther than I am willing to push it. ', 'favorite': 'It accelerates like a rocket! As soon as it warms up outside I am going to take to the local drag strip and see what numbers we can get it to turn! '}, {'date': '01/21/2009', 'text': 'After owning 3 Evos, I really regret buying this car. The gear box is very clunky and sounds frightening on cold shifts. The acceleration is rather flaccid because of the low torque output. The brakes are mediocre and really upset the balance of the car on hard braking. The engine note is horrible. On acceleration the engine makes an excruciatingly high pitched whining nose with no corresponding feeling of acceleration. The steering is terribly numb requiring constant adjustments in corners. Understeer is its preferred mode in corners. It also gets miserable gas mileage, on par with cars with bigger engines and more horsepower. The in-dash CD player went out within 500 miles.', 'favorite': 'The interior.'}, {'date': '12/06/2008', 'text': "I have had my RS4 Cabrio for three months. I am astonished with the car: plenty of power, enough eye candy and the best attribute: I can cause BMW drivers to go crazy with the power I have under the hood. For me personally the best attribute about this car is that it's not flashy and only Audi enthusiasts really know what sort of beast I am driving. I just wish I had more free time to drive it up and down Mullholland and there was not so much stop and go traffic here in LA. ", 'favorite': 'Power, non-flashy looks, relatively unknown as far as performance cars go, interior design - and much more!'}, {'date': '10/12/2008', 'text': "I've had my RS4 for just over a year. The V8 is amazing. Put it in S mode and it gets scary. The suspension tightens and it sounds like you have a whole different engine in the car. The torque really shows its face when going uphill on the freeway. It just accelerates as if someone is feeding more horsepower. Very little sign of fatigue. It's a heavy car but I like that. Built solid. ", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '08/02/2008', 'text': "My RS4 continues to amaze me every time I take her for a drive. Amazing in every way and especially when you consider what a wonderful daily driver the RS4 can be. I've been able to get 24.9 mpg when driving very conservatively. What other 400+ HP V8 car can you say that about? My only complaint is the location of the parking brake with regard to the arm rest. Otherwise, perfect.", 'favorite': 'Engine, transmission, interior build quality handling, utility, looks.'}, {'date': '04/17/2008', 'text': 'As a 15 year Porsche Carrera owner most recently a 2005 C4S, I was sceptical on switching to an Audi. My biggest complaint with my C4S coupe was how noisy it was in the interior. I felt I had to compromise "comfort" for power. Not at all with the Audi Rs4! It out performs my C4S and with it\'s top down is quieter, too!! Hard to believe but true! The Audi also offered bluetooth & ipod dock, which Porsche has yet to offer! I love this car! It is so much fun to drive! It begs to go faster, which hopefully will not be near any law enforcement!', 'favorite': 'Convertible top, ipod dock, bluetooth, sitck shift'}, {'date': '02/13/2008', 'text': 'Overall, this car has been a pleasure to own. I previously owned an \'04 S4 that still brought smiles to my face after four years. The RS4, however, really is a very different beast. The engine has a very distinctive character. Not only is the sound phenomenal but it just simply has more oomph throughout the rpm range. This is especially true above 5000rpm where the tach rushes to redline. Living in the northeast, the car has been wonderful in snow and ice. It is easy to drive even with the "S" mode activated (I had read where this made smooth driving difficult, but I disagree). The ride can be harsh but is superior to the S4. ', 'favorite': 'Stealthy appearance - I have the titanium package which removes some of the differentiating features compared to the A4. Engine is phenomenal as above with a great sound. Usual Audi quality interior. Four season capability.'}, {'date': '02/09/2008', 'text': "I recently just purchased a 2008 Audi RS4 roughly 3 weeks ago and just absolutely love it! There is no road or track that this beast of a sedan can't handle. Quattro all-wheel drive being implemented into this car is just fantastic. Driving up a road that was icy cars were unable to climp up that particular pass, I passed them with no trouble whatsoever and the looks on their faces were priceless. Wondering how in the world I managed to do it so easily. Nontheless it's an everyday performance sedan that you can actually accommodate passengers in the back seat, yet alone have enough space for just about anything with an extensive amount of trunk space.", 'favorite': 'Performance, ride handling/control, brakes, quattro, interior luxury, and not too in your face. Only car enthusiasts will recognize it!'}, {'date': '11/20/2007', 'text': 'I purchased the 2008 RS4 in July 07 and took delivery toward the end of October 07. I have not yet had a good chance to put it to any serious tests. However, from what I can tell so far, it is an extraordinary car and has exceeded my expectations on most accounts. You\'ll be amazed at how nice the car feels driving on mildly winding roads at 30-50 mph, and you\'ll be equally as impressed with it\'s ability to easily handle the same at 75mph. Acceleration is actually scary during the first week. All the other aspects you expect (the exhaust sound, the "sticky" 4wd, the short throw, the seats, etc.) are exactly as you\'ll hope: perfect. Chose this over 335xi and M3, no regrets at all.', 'favorite': 'I love the understated nature of the car (though it receives many quick "double takes"). I wanted an extraordinarily fun car to drive that is mature and mildly sporty (looking). In terms driving, I can\'t say enough about the low speed comfort. High speed goes without saying.'}, {'date': '10/31/2007', 'text': "Just picked up my 2008 RS4, Daytona Grey. Color is amazing The cars fit and finish, excellent. All smiles fun factor. Handling excellent, comfort great, back seat is comfortable also but leg room in rear could be a bit more. Engine is amazing, Beautiful carbon under the hood and sounds great. Much more engaging than the new M5 or M3, from first hand experience. You never get bored. Plus confidence of Audi's all wheel. Nothing like all wheel in the rain. I am very pleased. This blows your mind, The future next generation RS4 should even be better. Can't wait.", 'favorite': 'Sound of exhaust. They hit it right. Short throw stick great, Engine torch, just wants to keep going. Handling is great. All smiles fun factor guaranteed.'}]
2008_audi_s5 - [{'date': '10/20/2009', 'text': "What a great car to own and drive. I looked at the new M3, AWD250, 335Xi. This is a great daily driver - even though Minnesota winters thanks to AWD. Handles great and performs like a dream. Not to mention the downright serene exhaust note. Suspension is firm enough to eat up the turns, but soft enough to not leave you bruised upon arrival. Great GT cruiser. Getting MUCH better MPG than the sticker claims even with fairly aggressive driving. B&O Sound system is great and a must have add on. Every time I get in this car I'm glad I went with the S5. A great blend of performance and fun - yet supply enough to be a daily driver. Now an Audi convert! (past cars MB E5004matic)", 'favorite': "Performance is amazing. The suspension is great - perfect for a daily driver. Any firmer and you'd wish it was just a track car. Downright heavenly exhaust note - I do wish this was a bit less muffled. Great Torque/HP range from the engine...from 2.6K RPMS it's got plenty of pulling power."}, {'date': '01/16/2009', 'text': "Have had my S5 for almost a year. Still love it every time I get in. Great overall experience. This is my 4th Audi: A8, 2 S4s and now S5. My favorite overall. Greatly improved fit/finish compared to my 2 S4s. Great in snow with high-performance snow tires. I would buy this car again without hesitation. Enjoying it too much to worry about mileage. I didn't get it for the mileage. Still like to just look at it after a year-great design.", 'favorite': 'Impeccable interior. Great handling. Effortless acceleration. Really takes off and grabs the road when you down-shift at higher speeds. Best looking non-exotic on the road.'}, {'date': '06/01/2008', 'text': 'The Audi S5 is the perfect all-around all weather car. In the time leading up to my purchase I drove the new M3, RS4, A5 and S4. The S5 is the perfect combination of performance, comfort, style, features and audible pleasure. I loved driving the M3 and was close to deciding on that car but I was a little worried about RWD in the northern Wisconsin winters that can make driving even an AWD car a challenge 6-8 months out of the year. After nearly three weeks with the S5 I can say I am thrilled with all aspects of the Audi. I disagree with people on the MPG, for a car of this type, the MPG is great. I drove 200+ highway miles today and got 23mpg. That is up from 19mpg in the 1st 1000miles. ', 'favorite': "Suspension, engine transmission are outstanding. Interior design and fit and finish are great. It is by far the best looking production car available today! The ride is perfect, firm but compliant. Goes over road imperfections like they aren't there. That's the biggest difference between S5 and M3 "}, {'date': '05/18/2008', 'text': 'So far, so great. I traded a 2007 A6 4.2 for this S5 I have driven a few cars in the last three months, A5, new M3 and my S5. The S5 is the perfect blend of performance, comfort, style, quality and all weather security. I really liked the M3 but was nervous about the Wisconsin winters and RWD. Then I saw the S5 in person, drove it and fell in love. ', 'favorite': 'Engine, six-speed, seats and style, inside and out. '}, {'date': '05/16/2008', 'text': "Took delivery back in late jan 2008. Have logged close to 2500 miles in mixed driving. Car handles phenomenally and is a head turner wherever I go. Build quality is impeccable, interior design and exterior styling make this one unique car. Also looked at the 335xi but the audi interior was more aesthetically pleasing, this layout is very driver centric. Although the car is heavy handling is precise and the car feels like it's on rails, especially in the twisties where it simply attacks the corners. Biggest downside is the v8 gas gulper but the car is such a joy to drive that the sub par gas mileage becomes bearable.", 'favorite': 'Interior and exterior styling, trunk space, build quality, B&O stereo, throaty exhaust note'}, {'date': '03/31/2008', 'text': "I have had my Audi for about 3 weeks and have had many positive comments about the car. I will say this is my first Audi but I am overall a lover of cars, owning everything from SUV's to American Muscle cars to Japanese rides such as the G-35 coupe. Positives-The S5 is an excellent ride, not too rough for a sports car, ergonomics are great, V-8 is very responsive in all gears. Day time running lights turn countless heads. I-pod integration a must. Spacious trunk. Tight handling. Negatives- electronic speed limited. No voice activated Bluetooth. Horrible gas mileage. No standard all season high performance tires. ", 'favorite': 'I-Pod/cell phone integration , Quattro AWD, redline 7000RPM, rear parking assist, push button start,aggressive styling and wide stance. Exhaust rumble.'}, {'date': '03/23/2008', 'text': "The bluetooth may bring some connection headaches...but it's a hell of a machine. Key functions may also not be as well connected. Nonetheless, very comfortable and extremely smooth in gear shifting. It has an awesome shape and look to it. The base is low so parking and going thru dips may scratch the front bottom bumper", 'favorite': 'Everything'}, {'date': '03/17/2008', 'text': "I live in the Chicago area so my initial concerns were: a) what do I do if it snows and b) the gas mileage ain't pretty. As for the snow - of which we saw a near record amount this year - the S5 drives exceptionally well. I dumped the summer performance tires within hours of picking up the car replacing them with high performance all seasons. The car's power is so easy that driving slow in rough conditions is easy. The gas mileage is terrible.", 'favorite': "The Audi interior. Best seat comfort there is. All of the controls are there for you and interior materials are first rate. Band & Olufsen stereo is a bargain for the sound quality. The 6 speed manual is a pleasure to use and the S5's handling and responsiveness is great fun. "}, {'date': '01/03/2008', 'text': "This is my third Audi and by far the most fun to drive. I've owned a 2000 A4 2.8 Avant and 2006 A3 2.0T and this upholds the Audi reputation for excellent interiors and beautiful exterior design. This car is beautiful by looks and in driving. The growl of the V8 had me from the start, but sitting inside you get to appreciate the attention to car-driver intuitive design. The six-speed manual has a nice feel, but 1st can be a bit abrupt, but it's a bit new so too early to judge. Gas mileage is a definite concern (~12-22mpg), but only time will tell.", 'favorite': "Technology package is a must with the advanced key entry and the back up camera. It's not just a camera, but has computer overlay graphics to aid in backup and parallel parking. iPod integration is perfect, copying the iPod display. Bluetooth support to import phonebook is awesome!"}, {'date': '12/28/2007', 'text': "To be a first time Audi owner with a 2008 S5 is the best car experience I've ever had. The car is absolutely stunning from any angle and light setting. I have soccer moms looking at the car at stop lights! Not very easy to get used to I might add. The performance and V8 sound more than equal its stunning looks. Interior Fit and Finish are Audi's best, and the MMI is easy to use and informational. The Bang & Olufsen stereo is amazing, but its usually muted since I love hearing the V8 engine noises inside the cabin, and also with the windows down. ", 'favorite': 'The Tech in this car is just enough, zero over kill. Useful features that are easy to figure out and easy to use. All controls have the right amount of resistance (detents) in their action. Makes the controls feel expensive and precise. I love the rims and tire package too.'}, {'date': '12/15/2007', 'text': "This is my 17th car, following just about everything but Audi (Porsche 928 and 996 Turbo, SL500, BMW 735, and assorted Ford and Chevy cars). Hands down, this is the best automotive execution I have driven. I'm a nut for picking apart failed user interfaces (my job), and this car has not disappointed me, however I'm only about 75% familiar with it after 400 miles. MMI is a bit complicated, so the Driver Information System and steering wheel controls are fabulous; you can do 90% of what you need very quickly, intuitively, and with eyes forward. IPod integration, including playlist support, is great, and will save lives. The motor and drivetrain is wonderful.", 'favorite': 'Technology and bluetooth/iPod integration (phone book on my Blackberry Curve appeared). Torque will put a grin on your face. Exhaust note is a perfect rumble. Interior switchgear and overall fit/finish is world class. Car has an exotic feel about it, great value.'}, {'date': '11/09/2007', 'text': 'Being the 1st review means I haven\'t had it long enough to really have good answer to some question. Went in for an A6/R6, was shown this "one and only" by a friend and 5 min later it was mine. This car is as nice to drive and it is to look at. The DI V8 has such a unique sound at first I though there was a miss, but it\'s growing on me. Waiting for more mileage to go stand on it. Quick checks tell me that MPG is 22+/- if your on the road. This is a 6 speed and love the way it shifts. If I had the option I would have got the automatic but would have to wait for 4-5 months and maybe not in a S5?', 'favorite': "Driver control of all things fun are very integrated. Exterior styling - WOW! That's what made it an instant buy. Front running lights should be renamed to front running Smile due to their combined shapes! Did I say the exterior appearance?"}, {'date': '11/07/2007', 'text': 'Until recently I have owned and driven BMWs, the most recent being a 330 xi. That was the last Bimmer I will ever buy, Audi has converted me to a loyal and longterm fan. I have been curious of Audi as a brand for some time and the look of the new S5 was what it took to get me to go and have a closer look. Wow.', 'favorite': 'Quattro all wheel drive. It makes the X drive from my BMW seem defunct and subpar. 4.2lt V8 that goes up to 7000 rpm. The way the thing looks inside and out! The performance and cornering! Everything!'}]
2008_audi_tt - [{'date': '07/23/2009', 'text': "It's been a year now and I still love this car. I did have a problem with the top locking up. Now there is a recall for that part(s). I'm over 6 feet but I sit comfortably in this convertible. Kicking myself for not purchasing the Audi Care Service for $740 in IL. Maybe they will let me buy it before the 15k service? Love the paddle shifters. Hate the Ipod interface. I have to guess at the playlist, album, artists. My wife used regular unleaded against my wishes and it has not affected my 28mpg! Where can I get some track time and properly learn how to push this car to its limits.", 'favorite': 'Great fuel economy. 28 mpg on regular or premium! Drive it year round on all-season tires. Better than rear-axle Porsche. Comfortable for us tall guys. Synthetic suede is nice and not as hot as leather in the summer and not as cold in the winter. Seats heat quickly. Brakes are good.'}, {'date': '02/23/2009', 'text': "My previous cars were a 2005 Lotus Elise and a 2000 Boxster S before that. I need a 4 seater for my baby son and the TT was the only car that really interested me short of a 911. Comparatively, the TT is very capable in the real world. Its handling is decent, however the steering a bit light and there's too much understeer in the canyons. Acceleration is decent and brake is excellent. Storage is adequate. It's a good daily driver car. I did compare payment to a similar spec VW GTi (no interest in it but just doing due diligence) and the TT is about $125 more a month so it's not a bad deal.", 'favorite': 'Adaptive headlights, magnetic ride, and DSG. Exterior & interior styling and attention to details are good too.'}, {'date': '01/03/2009', 'text': "Got this 3.2 coupe used and am loving it! Handles like a dream and the dual clutch tranny is by far the best feature. Would buy a 4 cylinder if buying new, but wanted to Quattro and saved. 08 3.2 was my only option for Quattro given used and value. As for gas mileage, averaging about 22 and am happy with it. It hard to compare the gas mileage in my mind when this thing wants to run well above the speed limit. If you want to push it off the line every time then the numbers will drop, and yes, so will they in any car. I'm very impressed with the style throughout, and cannot get over the attention to detail in the beauty. ", 'favorite': 'Magnetic suspension, dual clutch, fit and finish. '}, {'date': '11/29/2008', 'text': 'Perfect in every way. Love the headlights, tail lights, interior, exterior, and 10 spoke bicolor rims that stand out.', 'favorite': 'Magnetic ride, engine growl, everything'}, {'date': '10/31/2008', 'text': "I have been driving my 1995 Audi 90 for over 13 years when I upgraded to a slightly used 2008 Audi TT. Wow, what a difference a decade makes. I am amazed at the power of the 2.0T, along with the smoothnessof the whole vehicle. I've owned Audi's for over 25 years, so I am a fan - but of course there are some things that could be improved.", 'favorite': 'Gas mileage, power, handling, seats all come to mind but it does have some usable new electronic features that make it an Audi.'}, {'date': '08/12/2008', 'text': "Three years ago, after having three TTs, I traded the last one for an A3. But when the redesigned TT model came out, I couldn't resist. The 2008 coupe (3.2 quattro with S-tronic) is a step above the previous models in every respect: power, handling, styling, sophistication, fun. I especially like the smoothness of the S-tronic, which hesitated quite a bit in the last two cars I had. The larger interior is just enough to make friends say it no longer feels cramped. ", 'favorite': 'Design, interior, engine, quattro, S-tronic, automatic spoiler. It hugs the road and corners like a panther. Engine growl is perfect.'}, {'date': '08/03/2008', 'text': "This is a nice little car. Convenient as the size allows easy parking everywhere. Gas mileage is acceptable, not as good as the 2.0 version. Interior is outstanding (enhanced leather interior), the rear seats work well with my 2 children (ages 9 and 6) for short rides. The suspension feels a little harsh (I don't have magnetic suspension), which might be a deal breaker for some. However, no car is perfect and this one is not the exception. ", 'favorite': "This thing sticks to the pavement like a bubblegum. What is dangerous is that one is tempted to challenge the car, but so far TT is winning all challenges I've made! Ipod interface is great (wish it could recognize the tracks). Love the steering. And of course, the looks!"}, {'date': '07/09/2008', 'text': "What can I say. It's summer time and I like to drive with my top off. I still need to get used to it since I only drove it for a week. It's a head turner for sure. I couldn't do that with my old car, so I am pretty happy with it. I have yet to test the S drive and the S tronic though, but the D drive has been exciting so far ", 'favorite': 'The new slick headlights.'}, {'date': '06/12/2008', 'text': 'Bought this for my wife, she needed one last sports car before we she got "old". She had an old 1976 Porsche 911 but loves this car better, in fact she\'s says the TT is her best car ever. Bought a red color coupe and she loves it. It\'s perfect for her petite size and I know she loves getting all the attention. The handling is great, it wants to be driven and before she knows it the spolier pops up and she notices that she\'s going 80 miles plus. The trunk is big enough for a weekend trip. I\'m just a bit too big for the seat which is too confining for me on a long drive but it\'s a her car and she loves it.. When Mama\'s happy everybody\'s happy.', 'favorite': "Striking design gets a lot of attention, the beautiful red color helps that factor. The mileage that we've gotten is very good. Fun to drive fast."}, {'date': '06/03/2008', 'text': "This car is amazing! Style, performance, and quality are all 10. The 4cyl turbo is great, plenty of kick to it. Peformance and economy, my last fill up was averaged at 30mpg. I was hesitant to purchase an automatic, what's the fun of a sports car that you can't shift? However, the paddle shifters are a lot of fun, and make up for a spouse that can't drive stick. The top drops smooth and speedy. Nice to be able to put it up or down when moving. The launch control feature is a blast! It will light the tires up like it had 400 horses under the hood. Great in the snow as FWD only. ", 'favorite': 'Paddle shifters, Bose sound system, speed of top'}, {'date': '06/01/2008', 'text': 'I love to drive this car. I had a car that got better gas mileage, and just couldn\'t give up driving this fun sports car. Too early really to tell about reliability. With numerous frost heave "speedbumps" and potholes around here, I started hearing a knocking noise in the front end when going over a bump. The dealership however didn\'t hear it. Of course, I\'m still under warranty. They also told me that the 2 bent rims are "slight" although I have a tire/rim warranty. The rear tires are worn out at around 17,000 miles. They stick like glue to the road however. Would I buy this car again? You bet!', 'favorite': "I love to see that spoiler pop up. I love the radio and the sound of the engine. It's a car that invites admiration wherever you go. "}, {'date': '05/15/2008', 'text': 'I won a 08 TT coupe in Bixoli, MS at the Grand Casino and traded it for a Roadster with 47 miles on it at the dealer. I have had 6 convertibles before this and never an Audi (3 MGs, 1 Mustang, 1 LeSabre, 1 Miata). This baby takes the cake, it is smooth and agressive at the same time. I just love this car. It is a real eye turner also. Drives well in the city and runs like a scalded dog when you put your foot into it on the interstate. I love when the automatic spooler goes up at 75mph (you can manually do it also in town ) and people point at you with amazement as you pass.', 'favorite': 'Curb appeal and warranty. The Roadster has a huge truck. I was impressed when I looked in it. It also has several nooks and cranny storage compartments around the car. It also come with a bag to tranport your skis inside the car.'}, {'date': '05/08/2008', 'text': 'Really wonderful except the gas mileage. After having owned three 225hp TT Roadster before I have to admit I really like the sound of the engine. Compared to the 225hp experiences before however this 6cyl consumes considerably more fuel (hwy 25 vs hwy 29). Obviously the first TT almost made me a die-hard TT fan, but there have been considerable improvements to the new generation, such as a larger trunk (no lie: it can manage two gold bags), a better top, great GPS and customizable computer. Needless to say that I just love the design. All wheel makes it a safer ride even under challenging circumstances.', 'favorite': 'I love and never want to miss again the 2-SD slots (that come with the optional GPS). Handling and power, design, body integrity are upper class.'}, {'date': '05/04/2008', 'text': 'This car is simply a blast to drive. I have the basic 4cyl turbo model and it flies. Car is built to be driven hard. I have a stop and go and highway commute and its is happy doing both. It is tight and responsive and loves to be pushed. Driving this car will actually make you smile every single time you get in. You will find yourself looking for reasons to go for a drive. Everyone will look at you in this car simply b/c there are so few out there on the road. Truly a fun car to own and pleasure to drive', 'favorite': 'Looks, performance, overall feel'}, {'date': '04/13/2008', 'text': "My second Audi TT is red. It is a great looking car. The top has broken and gets stuck down. This has happened twice in one month. It was fixed and only lasted a few weeks. Also the passenger window doesn't lay flush with the door after several repair attempts. It looks better with the window not sticking up a little. I could use some help with this. Obviously I loved the TT enough to lease another one. I was hoping it would work well like the 2004 TT I leased for 4 happy years.", 'favorite': 'Headlights. Turning. Speed. Sporty look'}, {'date': '03/30/2008', 'text': 'I first saw the Audi TT on the road and immediately started to do my research. After attending the Chicago auto show, I was sold on the TT and had to have one I now own a 3.2L 6 speed manual and can desribe this vehicle in one word: powerful. Driving this car is truly an experience and we cannot wait to take it for a long drive. The car handles so well that I can drive 90 mph and not feel any vibration. If you are thinking of buying this vehicle, stop thinking and buy. You will love it!', 'favorite': 'I like my audio symphony system, which allows me to listen to my iPOD, Sirius, CDs, commercial radio, or use the Bluetooth. The styling is very pleasing to the eye and I can understand the concept of fit and finish after driving this vehicle. Finally, the engine sounds and feels powerful!'}, {'date': '03/07/2008', 'text': 'My new Audi replaces a 2002 TT 225 Quattro 6 speed manual. I almost expect to have minor electrical and mechanical issues, but it\'s a compromise when driving this great road going car. The new TT has only a few hundred miles, but it is easy to see and feel the differences. It is a better appointed interior, and the DSG has become very smooth in its delivery. The gusty exhaust note is what I listen to most when I drive, though the basic factory stereo sounds great. Bought the car for Quattro and when I had a FWD A3 for loaner, it was apparent I made the right decision. I\'ll check back after I get through the self imposed 5k mile "keep the RPM under 3500) break-in period. Easier said than done', 'favorite': "Instant power and Quattro's ability to put traction down and keep you going in the direction you point the steering wheel. Retractable rear spoiler allows the cars clean lines to show through. S-Tronic transmission is perfect for the highway, back roads and in the city too. Aluminum hood easy lift."}, {'date': '02/22/2008', 'text': "Had my TT for 1 week and loving it! Fully loaded excl. nav and mag. ride. Was considering an '04/'05 but then saw the '08 and it was all over. I test drove the 2.0 but decided on the 3.2 due to power and Quattro - I expect to keep this car for a long time.", 'favorite': "Bluetooth, performance, paddles and the awesome engine sound. Great cockpit and feels great to drive - gets a lot of looks even when it's parked."}, {'date': '01/22/2008', 'text': 'Bought the TT after having an Audi Cab for many years. Loved the car at first sight and had to have it. It has never disappointed me. Handles in snow and ice without any difficulties or worries. ', 'favorite': 'Love the interior and exterior styling! Great to have a sports car that can be driven all year round in any weather. The Ipod interface and the bluetooth phone are fun and different from my previous cars.'}, {'date': '01/17/2008', 'text': 'I have had this car for 8 months and I still get all giddy when I see it. I feel that the seats fit my body so well that when I sit down in them, my happy tt is giving me a hug. Its fast, its sexy and handles well. I have never felt that the car has put me in danger and I love how noisy the exhaust is (but its not an annoying noise like from some modified cars). I feel bad for people who have chosen to buy other cars in its class.', 'favorite': 'Seat warmers are amazing! I love to turn them on after a hard dance or boxing session since it keeps my muscles from getting sore. I also love that it does not hold many people so I am not stuck driving people around. The trunk has A LOT of room when back seats are folded.'}, {'date': '01/09/2008', 'text': "I have had some problems with my AUTOMATIC transmission. When I am stopped on a hill and then try to go, the car rolls backward like I have a manual transmission. There does not seem to be a hill-holder feature. What is maddening, is that this only happens occasionally. I must put my foot on the brake AND gas to keep from hitting the car behind me. When I reported the problem to the dealership, they said it was a normal characteristic of the car. Also, the car rolls backward an inch, or so, when I put it in park on a hill. The transmission seems loose, or sloppy. My dealership can find nothing wrong. I can't believe this is a NORMAL characteristic of the car. ", 'favorite': 'Great styling. Love the sport-shift mode. Power is excellent.'}, {'date': '12/30/2007', 'text': 'I am a previous 2003 TT roadster owner and I was very happy with this car. However, the improvements of the 2008 made it a car I had to have. I was reluctant to give up my turbo to the v6 but I have to say I have not missed it much. This car still has quick pickup and speed whenever I need it. I love the optional navigation, ipod interface, and bluetooth. I also love the manageability of the cars computer view on the console. I shopped for many months before purchasing a new car and it came down to the Z06 and the TT. Yeah, some V8 corvette lover is laughing at me right now but bang for the buck I got the better car. I have been an owner of both cars and in the end best car won.', 'favorite': 'The new convertible automatic top, much improved from the unfinished single layered manual convertible top of the previous models. I also love the fact the car has two SD memory slots. I load my mp3s on the memory and use it in my car way better than CDs, IPOD, or Sat. radio.'}, {'date': '12/25/2007', 'text': 'Nothing but fun to drive for me with the Stronic gear box and my wife can still drive it like an auto.', 'favorite': 'There is a good sized trunk, and the inside is open and comfortable. Steering feels great, and the car is very smooth at speeds @ and above 100 mph. '}, {'date': '12/08/2007', 'text': "My first Audi. I love it. The styling blows me away everytime I go to drive. I can't believe that the best car in any parking lot is my mine. Loads of room in the front and the trunk. The rear seats are good for shopping or our medium sized dog. Even if I'm stuck in traffic I can enjoy the elegance of this car, until, that is, there is an opportunity to use all the power - exhilarating! 2 (optional) suspension modes (sport/regular) and 4 transmission choices (auto, sport, paddle override and clutchless manual - great combinations. The quattro AWD drive is superb in the snow. I am hoping reliability is good but I've only had it 3 months. As an only car, for a kid free couple it's fantastic", 'favorite': 'Styling, DSG transmission, magnetic suspension, sound (engine and stereo) and fun to drive'}, {'date': '11/15/2007', 'text': 'I have only had the car for less than a month but love it. I traded an 03 Audi TT which I thought was a great car but it pales in comparison to the new one. Extremely fun to drive but be careful, I just got my first speeding ticket in 10 years with it. Very tight, responsive, and roomy for a 2 seater. Bluetooth has not worked properly since I bought it and am taking it back to service (again) next week. The bluetooth receives very clearly but transmission is broken up to the point the other person can barely understand what I am saying.', 'favorite': 'Styling, performance, automatic roof is great, well built.'}, {'date': '11/14/2007', 'text': "Wait -- let me wipe the silly grin off my face. How much fun can you have in a car? Design, build, performance are all first rate. First Audi I have owned and I am impressed. It's quick, nimble, but comfortable and accomodating. The interior looks and feels so much better than the Mercedes and BMW we test drove (forego the standard Alcantara upholstery - the Napa leather upgrades are worth the extra money). It turns heads wherever it goes.", 'favorite': 'Ultra-sensual looks with the top down. Brilliant engine/transmission combo (2.0T with DSG). Interior design and build that other luxury manufacturers should emulate. Fairly quiet ride for a ragtop with taut suspension.'}, {'date': '10/10/2007', 'text': "Just got the 08 TT roadster convertible Sahara Silver with Baseball Glove leather interior, and mag ride. I am amazed at how fun the car is to drive, being my first convertible, first german car ever, and with cornering/acceleration that is way fun. I cannot imagine springing for the 3.2 when my turbo 4 cyl is as much fun as I'd want to have. I'm not dragging it at the track or anything. The clincher is that the color and style is out of this world beautiful. I believe it's an instant classic. I'm hoping it's sufficiently reliable, though as a 4th car (parked except for weekends and special occasions), I'm willing to tolerate some compromises and shop time for its charms.", 'favorite': 'Sporty dials at night, with write and red lighting. Incredibly quiet for a soft top convertible. Shifting (using manumatic) is incredible.'}, {'date': '09/24/2007', 'text': 'Took delivery in late July after ordering the 1st of May. Could not be happier. My last convertible was 17 years ago, a Silver Buick Reatta. Reatta needed more power and was much heavier than the TT and had vague steering compared to razor sharp feel now. I flashed the chip with APR software and the car moves very responsively and smoothly. Also replaced the fogs with PIAA HIDs and put in bright amber DRLs. I plan to install an air intake system and rework the exhaust in the near future. The car will be a project, with mods installed as they come to market. I may even put in a higher- performance turbo in the future, with nitrous being considered. ', 'favorite': 'DSG is a blast with more shift modes than I ever had b4, RPM blip up is great. Sirius satellite with 6-CD changer and Bose system has really nice sound and features. 18-inch wheels and fat Pirelli tires perform nicely. Baseball stitch seats are very comfy and get a lot of attention. '}, {'date': '09/19/2007', 'text': "This is my first European car, and so far it has exceeded my high expectations. The styling is beautiful, the ride is comfortable and solid, it's very zippy, very nimble, steering is very comfortable, fuel economy is great even if you like to accelerate quickly. The interior is composed of high quality materials and a soothing variety of textures and finishes. The controls are all at your fingertips and easy to operate. It also has very decent cargo capacity that is actually accessible. I could go on, but suffice it to say it's a truly exceptional experience to drive!", 'favorite': 'iPod port, impressive performance, comfortable steering, flush-mounted spoiler that self-deploys or deploys on demand (makes me feel like a British secret agent).'}, {'date': '07/25/2007', 'text': "I've had the new Audi TT Roadster for around 2 weeks and it is by far the best car I have ever owned! I've had the Z4 and the 2006 Boxster and none of the come even close to the 2008 TT Roadster. Everything about this car is flawless!", 'favorite': 'The exterior and interior design, plenty of room for me at 6\'3", great fuel economy, fun to drive (especially in "Sport" mode!), great performance, people always watch when you drve by, handling is awesome too and I love the iPod adapter! The nav system is awesome and I love my 18" wheels!'}, {'date': '06/26/2007', 'text': "I have only had the car for 2 days but I am in love! After test driving several the Infiniti G35X, Acura TL Type S, BMW 328xi I was set to buy the TL-S when I stopped by my Audi dealer. When I saw the new 2008 TT coupe, I stopped dead in my tracks - I don't think there is a better looking car on the road. I drove both the 3.2 Quattro and 2.0T and while the former has a little extra punch and impeccable handling, the 2.0T was plenty strong and nimble. And it fit my wallet better. I have a hard time finding any faults with the TT, but even a harder time wiping the smile off my face when driving it. I truly think this car is a good value compared to the competition.", 'favorite': 'The looks the car gets as it smoothly zips through 75 MPH and the rear spoiler raises; the feel of being securely hugged by the top-notch leather bucket seats; the precision of the racing steering wheel; the top quality interior; the ultra fast gear shifting and lack of turbo lag.'}, {'date': '03/13/2007', 'text': 'I drove this car today at work and I have to say it\'s the best car I have ever driven in my life. It\'s really solid, stable in the corners, pretty good ride for a sports car with performance tires. The exterior design is exceptional. Plenty of interior room for me, being 6\'1"', 'favorite': 'The satellite radio standard, iPod jack, safety features and much more.'}]
2009_audi_a4 - [{'date': '10/20/2009', 'text': 'I purchased an 09 Premium Plus and found the seats to be super uncomfortable. So uncomfortable, in fact, that I ended up trading it in with only 4,000 miles on it for another \'09 A4, but this one had the sport seats (M3-style retractable thigh support bolsters)and better shoulder support plus paddle shifters. Night and day. While I could never get quite comfortable in my Premium Plus I was immediately very comfortable and have been for the past 16,000 miles in my Sport package model. The only issue is that from what I understand Audi has discontinued the "Sport Package" and now only offers the better seats in the S4. Something to consider- you will not like the stock seats if you are 5\'10"+.', 'favorite': 'Sport seats on the sport model, paddle shifters, bluetooth.'}, {'date': '10/20/2009', 'text': "I've had this car for almost a month with 1300 miles on it. It is an awesome car with excellent driving dynamics. I can hardly believe it is a 4 cylinder, but I'm reminded of it when I idle the engine with the windows down. I returned a leased 2007 Lexus IS350 and at no point did I feel like I downgraded although this vehicle was $7000 less. The interior room is cavernous and the ergonomics are superb. Acceleration is amazing for any size engine not to mention for a 4 cyl. The Bluetooth integration is excellent as it reads your entire phonebook and makes accessible at your steering wheel controls. The front end with the LED Running lights makes this car spell luxury.", 'favorite': 'LED Running lights, Exterior/interior, Ipod & bluetooth integrations, AWD handling, MPG/performance ratio, turning ratio, overall dimensions (it is a massive, confident vehicle). QUIET ride at all speeds! My coworker bought one after he test drove mine.'}, {'date': '09/25/2009', 'text': 'I traded in my 2002 A4 3.0 Quattro on a lease on a 2009 A4 2.0 Quattro. This 2.0 has plenty of torque. Cannot tell the difference with the new V4 from my prior V6, except the gas mileage is better and it is a quieter engine. I ordered the Premium Plus package with the navigator. I love the voice activated bluetooth dialing, the voice activated navigation, etc., and the backup camera with guidance. Audi came up with a winner. I am getting over 33 miles per gallon on the highway and around 28 in the city/suburbs. I am very happy with the vehicle. I loved my 2002; but, this is a big improvement. Only thing I miss from the 2002 is the storage compartments under the front seats.', 'favorite': 'Bluetooth phone, navigator, and radio can be controlled by voice. Very smart looking dash and console. The extra room from the previous model makes a noticeable difference.'}, {'date': '09/16/2009', 'text': 'We get many compliments on our S-Line Cab. Great looking S4 wheels. This is our first convertible and we love top down driving. The Cab is fun to drive but not BMW thrilling. Like the fact its an AWD car, for full year use. Fit and finish is excellent, interior is gorgeous. Gas mileage is terrible. Hope long term reliability is good. We leased, but buyout is very attractive. If it holds together, can envision a long term ownership.', 'favorite': 'Style, interior design and finish. Wheels look great. Love the way the car looks with the top and windows down.'}, {'date': '09/09/2009', 'text': 'Fun to drive in country roads, especially with S mode. The exterior with daylight running light draws attentions and the interior design, especially with the red back lights, is just beautiful. The fuel economy is good with over 33 mpg highway and 27 mixed highway/city driving.', 'favorite': 'Quattro, exterior, interior, bluetooth phone interface, ipod music interface, daylight running light.'}, {'date': '09/05/2009', 'text': "Quite frankly, it's hard to be ambivalent about $40k purchase, but I have to be honest with myself, and 9 months after purchasing this car, I can't say it's changed our lives. It's solidly built, but there's a fair amount of road noise. For all the self- congratulation from Audi about the increase in size, it's really not all that roomy. I think my wife's old 2001 Jetta had more room in the back. The MMI might be good compared to options from other manufacturers, but it's hardly intuitive. In sum, it's a solid but not outstanding effort.", 'favorite': "The handling: sometimes the size feels awkward, but no matter the situation, you're always in control. Thank you AWD. Also, it's nice that key comes apart so you can take just the metal part with you if you're going for a run or a swim."}, {'date': '09/02/2009', 'text': "The performance is great with sports mode, but the suspension is a bit bumpy for my taste (I can feel every road bump), but I guess that's what you get for a more sports tuned suspension. Fuel economy is not bad for a 211hp AWD car; I'm getting about 30 mpg on the highway and average about 25 highway/city driving. It is definitely a fun to drive car with very tight turning circle. Interior and exterior design earn many praises from my friends. The problem is I'm getting the shimmy around 62 mph (hence points off in reliability) and the diagnosis from Audi Engineering is bad control arms. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that replacing control arms will cure the shimmies.", 'favorite': 'Stereo, Audi Music Interface (ipod interface), quattro, sports mode, bluetooth hands-free phone interface, interior material and exterior looks, day light running lights.'}, {'date': '08/14/2009', 'text': 'I\'ve had the Audi for 2,500km so far. It is amazing. Fuel efficiency is great for a car with this much power. The 2.0 is more powerful than the 3.2 for the first 100km (60mph). I have the navi and tech pkg. Everything is voice activated. Back up camera is very handy. Proximity sensor locks and engine start are very convenient. EPS is nicely engineered. Audi side assist is handy. Seats are very comfortable. Breaks are high performance. I tested the Lexus IS250 and the BMW 328xi also. I have heard "Hey man nice car!" from over 10 people in 3 weeks. So that covers the exterior design. Red Bull must be more popular in Germany than North America (one of the cup holders is small). ', 'favorite': 'Proximity sensor locks and engine start, Back up camera, navigation, voice activation features. AMI, you can hook up a 500gb hard drive through USB if you want... '}, {'date': '08/13/2009', 'text': 'Turbo 4 provides plenty acceleration with good gas mileage. Handling is unreal. Considered the BMW 328 and Cadillac CTS. Both were great but did not appear worth the extra cost (insurance, maintenance and purchase price). ', 'favorite': 'Handling, interior and overall dealer service.'}, {'date': '08/11/2009', 'text': "Car is everything I expected. Fit & Finish is as good as it gets. So good in fact that the seams trunk to body are so tight you can't fit bike rack clips in between. Engine is smooth. Test drove the 2.0s not going to pay this much for a car that vibrates 3.2 is for me. Brakes are awesome. Keep your eye on the rear view in a panic stop. Tiptronic is fun. Quirks... The ipod interface is poor, I leave my keys in the car in the garage but not with this... the lights will not turn off, the homelink does not work until you turn the car on. Kinda dumb that you start the car before you open the garage door. ", 'favorite': 'Great stability & Ride'}, {'date': '09/17/2008', 'text': 'This by far has been the best experience in any of the cars I have driven. The car has a lot of speed for a 4 cyl and also it has a sport gear. The interior is really comfortable, and I so far have not had any blind spots! Could not ask for more in a car! ', 'favorite': 'Sunroof is neat, I love the headlights, and the heated seats will look forward to when winter comes around! The radio is also very impressive. '}, {'date': '09/15/2008', 'text': 'Purchased two days ago and drove over the weekend. Car is beautiful inside and out. Handles like a dream. Very comfortable. Virtually all functions are automated. Using the MMI takes some work, but once you get the hang of the info entry process, it works for most of the different functions. Several reviews stated that someone shorter than 5\'4" might have some problems with the driver\'s seat position. My wife is 5\'2" and had no problem getting into a comfortable driving position. Back seat has enough room and the trunk is large for this class of car. I would recommend test driving the 2.0T, as is performs quite well. ', 'favorite': 'Front seat comfort. Acceleration with the 2.0T is good (for a normal driver anyway). Steering is sharp on hard corners. Lots of gadgets. LED lights are a new wrinkle. Sirus radio and IPOD interface add options for entertainment. Bang and Olfusen stereo systems is well done.'}, {'date': '08/10/2009', 'text': "I've had the car about 7 months now and no major complaints, except for the wind (see below). The A4 drives well, though it's not quite as responsive as well as my 2006 BMW 5 series. Steering is tight, brakes are just a bit grabby, and power is strong. The AWD is the best, especially in heavy, slushy snow. The only complaint is that the wind buffets incessantly my face when the window is open. Poor wind engineering. And it's difficult to find a good open position of the sunroof so it doesn't make noise. Seems like it has to be readjusted for every speed level.", 'favorite': 'Love the look, styling and stunning daytime running lights. Very supportive seats on those long drives. Trunk holds lots of stuff.'}, {'date': '08/06/2009', 'text': 'I had the 06 A4. The 09 model is much bigger, for a tall guy like me, a great improvement. The LED light and the media control really made my decision much easier (we were choosing among Audi, BMW, MB, and Volvo). Best value for its class. It has been a month since we got it, we liked everything.', 'favorite': 'LED light, Audi media interface, better arranged control buttons, and the spacious interior.'}, {'date': '08/02/2009', 'text': "Both front seats proved to be uncomfortable during long driving periods. The problem is that the seat's side support bolsters are so high and firm (firmer than all other luxury cars of the same class) that they provide undue pressure on the hip bones. The outside side supporting plastic exacerbates the situation by noT allowing any amount of downward give of the seat. Thus, when exiting the vehicle, the plastic support and firm bolster provides undue pressure on legs. ", 'favorite': 'Very responsive and typical teutonic design.'}, {'date': '08/02/2009', 'text': "I've had my Audi A4 for one week now. Excellent well designed car. Sharp styling with excellent design/fit and finish on the interior. MMI is really slick. Performance on the 2.0T is excellent - strong pull due to high torque. No problems with the CVT thus far. Exhaust note gives a good growl when accelerating. Pricing right now has been really good too!", 'favorite': 'Interior design, fit & finish and performance'}, {'date': '07/31/2009', 'text': "Just picked up an Aruba Blue,Premium Plus with Navi and wood trim. My wife has a 2009 Cab (older platform) for about a year now. I love driving it so much that I shopped the end of season sales for a sedan for me and found a great deal. I was driving an '04 Accord with 100k trouble-free miles and had no desire to give it up. The Audi's driving dynamics, power and smoothness of the engine are great (even vs. Cab) and gas mileage is quite good. It's also the perfect size I was looking for. The gray interior is beautiful. The MMI is awesome as is the bluetooth and stereo. Seats very comfortable as well. If reliability is on par with the Honda, this will be the best car I've ever owned.", 'favorite': "Engine is awesome - much smoother than wife's 2009 Cab and 258 ft. lbs. of torque at only 1500 rpms! Ride is very communicative, comfortable, and quiet. MMI is very good, even though it is slightly more tedious than Honda's. Bluetooth works great with both of my phones. Interior is beautiful. "}, {'date': '07/20/2009', 'text': 'This car is simply stunning, especially from the outside, especially with the Prestige package I got. Handling is very balanced, ride is sporty yet comfortable for longer commutes. Quattro provides excellent grip and 2.0T is powerful yet fuel efficient (have gotten 35 mpg cruising). Plus, this car is as big as the Passat I traded in. Some downsides include having to get Prestige to get those stunning 18" wheels and 4 cyl. a little course when revved hard. But overall, I loved my choice for my first luxury brand car.', 'favorite': 'MMI easy to use, Audi Music Interface, daytime LED eyeliner lights, exterior styling, Bang & Olufsen stereo, Bluetooth phone hookup.'}, {'date': '07/15/2009', 'text': 'This car was leased for my wife. I owned a TT with a manual transmission a few years ago and we were attracted to this car by the excellent lease terms, appearance and the previous experience with Audi. The A4 has been back to the dealer twice in 3 weeks. The first time was due to wind noise and a water leak in the space between the front and rear driver\'s window. That was fixed. The second trip was because the automatic transmission (CVT) feels like it shifts from 1st to overdrive within about 2 seconds, causing significant loss of power. This even happens in sport mode. In addition, there is some lurching and hesitation upon initial acceleration. The dealer says this is "normal".', 'favorite': 'Handling...The car feels like it is glued to the road. The steering feel is great and the suspension feels nice and tight. The Cabriolet with the S- Line package looks great. We get a lot of positive comments. Bluetooth works great. Interior fit and finish is excellent.'}, {'date': '07/13/2009', 'text': "I've only owned my new car for about a month and a half, almost 2 months now. The day after I bought it, it had a check engine light on. 3 trips to the dealership in a month and a half later, I got the fuel pump replaced. I'm hoping this problem doesn't continue because I really do love the car. I feel I should relate my experience to others so they can be informed buyers, though. Aside from this inconvenience, I really do like my car. ", 'favorite': "Navigation with backup camera is the BEST! It's saved me from dings and dents already. It forces me to pay closer attention when I back up. Also, I love the design of the multimedia interface and the quality of the leather seats, etc... It just seems more stylish than competitors'."}, {'date': '07/13/2009', 'text': "Please Test Drive this car extensively. Dealer will NOT tell you that the car goes forward when you put car in reverse. They say this is normal for cvt transmission. This was not disclosed before purchase. I don't think they would ever sell any cars with cvt if this was disclosed. DO NOT BUY THIS CAR.", 'favorite': 'NONE'}, {'date': '07/08/2009', 'text': 'Owned a 2004 C230 and moved on to Audi A4 cvt FWD. Like the styling and seating comfort. Speedometer is a little ridiculous for US driving. When sunroof is open sound is deafening but main issue is the acceleration lag when in D. Lessens somewhat when put in S mode. I use regular gas, premium is recommended, will try that next.', 'favorite': 'seats, wood paneling'}, {'date': '07/03/2009', 'text': 'This is my third A4 in four years, passing them on to the kids or trade in on lease. The 2009 Prestige is one sweet machine. Better performance than than older (2006 and 2007 A4) with more torque and horsepower with highway mileage 33 mpg level road at 65-75. Also looked at BMW with AWD but run flats and many thousands more $ just not worth the difference, (and I have had BMW 3 series in the past). Great cruiser at 90 mph and around town. It is bigger than older A4, as big as I can tolerate. $37900 with 0.9% and 1 k down a great deal, than 4200 off MSRP, I will buy it rather than lease.', 'favorite': 'overall styling mileage, media interface'}, {'date': '06/28/2009', 'text': 'This is a great looking car and fun drive but has one major flaw. If you attempt to accelerate fast from a dead stop by mashing the accelerator, the transmission hesitates for a full second before the turbo kicks in. This can be dangerous when attempting to make a left turn in front of approaching traffic. I was told by the dealer that this is a common complaint because of the tiptronic transmission and cannot be corrected. You simply cannot throttle the vehicle hard from a stop and there is no fix. They said that I would get used to it. Be sure to test drive the vehicle before purchasing. I only test drove mine for a few miles. ', 'favorite': 'Once the turbo kicks in, the car accelerates extremely fast and handles great on curves. I love the looks of the car and enjoy all the other features. The trunk is huge. The daytime running lights are unique. Gas mileage is great. '}, {'date': '06/25/2009', 'text': 'The commute has gotten a lot more pleasant since the A4 S-Line came in. The Audi is quiet, comfortable, and effortlessly easy to drive. The Alcantara seats are cooler than full leather in hot Louisiana summers. MMI is easy to use and useful after very short learning curve. The steering wheel scroll buttons make dialing phone numbers, radio surfing preset stations easy and safe. The daily commute is a 70/30 mix of highway (65-70 mph)and stop-n-go traffic and the Audi delivers an amazing avg 28-31 mpg with mindful throttle (depends on traffic, weather). Despite the 19" wheels and summer perf. tires the ride is firm without being jarring (test before buying). Gorgeous and feature laden.', 'favorite': 'Bang and Olufson sound system, voice activated Bluetooth, keyless entry/start, flappy paddle shifters, Alcantara seats, quattro, interior and exterior styling, general material and build quality, automatic everything (or not), relative exclusivity'}, {'date': '06/11/2009', 'text': "I was a previous MINI Cooper S owner and was looking for something else that was fun to drive. I spend about 2 hours of my day commuting and the Audi A4 Quattro 2.0 with the Premium Plus package fits what I need. It has fun and comfort. I'm a big tech geek and the A4 meets my needs. My favorite feature has to be the MMI. I had this car for almost 3 months and it has been excellent ever since except for a few strange rattle noises coming from the doors. It's a big head turner... so be prepared. I have had people in the freeway cruise up to me on the next lane, just so they can turn their head to view the led lights. ", 'favorite': 'MMI with iPod, auto dim mirrors, lots of trunk space, and Quattro!'}, {'date': '06/10/2009', 'text': "09 A4 2.0T CVT Prem Plus Quartz Gray. Terrific styling with an equal balance of handling and performance to please the enthusiast. MPG, safety, features & opts are solid, only sedan w/ a D pillar. 2-Tone gray interior is best out of other sedans tested. Love the lane change tap w/ side mirror LED's. Multitronic CVT proves powerful, mechanical and engine notes (DFI techno) make me smile. All around a spirited and sporty car.", 'favorite': "Front LED's, bluetooth, ipod, low & wide stance."}, {'date': '06/02/2009', 'text': 'I am 600 miles into an Audi A4 Quattro and it is the worst car I have ever owned. The driver seat is so uncomfortable I can only sit in the car for no more than 45 min. All the dealer suggested is to get a pad. The ride is awful - pebbles become large rocks, rough roads rattle your teeth. I am missing my old Ford 500 more every day. If you are considering this car be wary, take a long test drive.', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '05/30/2009', 'text': "My car choices when searching came down to the BMW 335 sedan, Lexus GS 350, and the Audi A4. I decided to purchase the A4 based on the features and price. The A4 has the quattro AWD, fold down rear seats, 14 speaker Bang and Olufsen system, bluetooth and navigation. I felt that the exterior styling and the better interior features of the A4 outweighed the engine performance of the 335i. The Lexus rear bumper styling just didn't grow on me. So far after driving the car for the first 1000 miles I am so happy about my decision. The A4 is fast off the line and pulling on the freeway in sports mode, the handling is great with the quattro, and it's very eye catching with the LED driving lights.", 'favorite': 'Bluetooth works great with integration with your contacts. Ipod Intergration very intuitive to use with MMI system. Engine pulls very nicely without sounding harsh, smooth power. Sports seats very comfortable and supportive, instrument panel, NAV, and quattro handling is perfect.'}, {'date': '05/21/2009', 'text': "This is my first entry level luxury sedan purchase. I'm very thorough in my research and compared BMW, Lexus and Audi. Performance, quality and style made Audi the best choice for me. ", 'favorite': 'Handling, smooth ride, looks, ami system with iPod integration, interior. '}, {'date': '05/19/2009', 'text': 'I test drove the BMW 328i wagon, Saab 9-3 Combi, Prius, Audi A3, Subaru Impreza, VW GTI, Volvo V50 and the Mazda 3. The A4 Avant had the luxury, speed, room, look, and quality of materials I was looking for. I took my first maiden road trip and could not be happier. No body aches, great gas mileage, great handling in rain and when the sun came out I opened up the panoramic sun roof.', 'favorite': 'Panoramic sun roof, fifth door, quattro all wheel drive, steering wheel controls, blue tooth, Sirius satellite and the comfortable leather seats.'}, {'date': '05/19/2009', 'text': "I've driven everything in this segment from Lexus IS, MBenz, to BMW and this car is the best combination of Luxury, Performance, and comfort. I chose the Prem Plus Sport Pkg with 18s and 6spd Manual! Audi has completely raised the bar with this one. The sport pkg takes the handling threshold into triple digits with ease. Plus I've been getting 31.3 MPG cruising between 72- 80mph hwy which is unheard of. I had a 2007 Infiniti G35x and never got north of 19MPG. Just drive the A4 once and you'll understand completely.", 'favorite': 'Sport Suspension, Bluetooth, the Manual Transmission, Multifunction Steering Wheel and of course the sport seats.'}, {'date': '05/17/2009', 'text': "Our first experience with Audi came after my wife turned a triple 360 on a slick road in an Acura TL. For our next car purchase safety and engineering were at the top of the requirements list. After a 2002 A6, 2002 TT Roadster, and 2007 A4, we took possession of a 2009 A4 2.0T Quattro with Premier Plus option package. The improvements in the 2009 A4 are impressive and reflect Audi's continued excellence in engineering. This model, with it's increased length and width, adjustments to the engine mounts to reduce the vibration in the 2.0 four cylinder engine, and the tweaks to the acceleration off the line make us feel like we're back in our A6. Roomy, feature rich, rides on rails.", 'favorite': 'Quattro 60/40 adjustment, suspension, 3 zoned heating/cooling, trunk size and bag holders, folding back seats, foot and head room in back seat, sculpted body styling with lower wider nose, MMI for MP3s on SD card, seamless voice activated bluetooth, iPhone interface and of course, the LEDs. '}, {'date': '05/10/2009', 'text': 'I previously owned an 06 A4 with all bells and whistles in it and I loved the car. When it was up I got an 09 stick premium plus model with sport package and nav, and the car is amazing. The sport suspension really gives the car that sporty feel and the summer tires make the car hug the road and handle amazing. This car also has more low end torque which works really well when getting onto highways. The 2006 model was more sporty, but with the sport package it makes this car a great mix of sport and luxury.', 'favorite': "Engine, the day time running LEDs turn heads, love the Ipod integration, but if you get nav it deletes the car's SD card slot, Sport seats, ride, MMI is more user friendly this time around."}, {'date': '05/04/2009', 'text': 'I purchased this car for the winter weather performance, blend of fuel efficiency and power, stunning appearance, and advanced safety and technology features. Those the car achieves these easily. Living with the car for a while, I would love to give it back. The primary drawback of the vehicle is the very rough ride over 50 MPH. The vehicle seems to transmit every nuance of the road surface into the cabin, the seats, and the floor. The suspension is just far, far too firm. Riding on rougher roads is continuously distracting, with tiny road imperfections intruding into an otherwise palatial experience. I urge anyone considering this vehicle to do an extended test drive. I wish I had.', 'favorite': 'iPod integration. Modern interior styling. Voice recognition dialing. Mandatory cigarette lighter. One lb key fob. '}, {'date': '05/03/2009', 'text': 'Great car to drive. Comfortable ride. I went from the 08 to the 09 and it definitely feels better although Audi could have kept the full size spare tire and the regular cup holder. Minor things when compared to such huge improvements. ', 'favorite': 'LED lights, heated seats'}, {'date': '05/03/2009', 'text': "If you're the type of driver that wants to look forward to getting in your car, this Audi fits the bill. Our A4 does not have the sport package so the steering and suspension is not as stiff responsive as let's say an S- line Audi, but the ride is a smooth as can be (which my wife prefers). This car is a real standout in the rain, extremely stable which I attribute to the Quattro. Haven't driven it in the snow yet, but I imagine it will perform well. The seats are comfortable and the steering wheel feels great on your hands. Plenty of trunk space. The bluetooth telephone is seamless, hop in the car and the car takes the call. iPod attachment works great as well. Daytime running lights.", 'favorite': 'Stylish car. Comfortable seating. Steering wheel with great feel. 29-30 mpg hwy 25-26 cmb, great for this car segment. Handling is amazing in general and a standout in bad weather. Seamless Bluetooth. Spacious. Great sound system. Center console easy. Steering well control and voice command work'}, {'date': '05/03/2009', 'text': "This is my 2nd Audi to replace my 2002 A6 2.7T. I like the look of the A4 so chose the Avant version for practical reasons. I must say that it's such a joy to drive this car everyday that the commute to and from work seems almost tolerable. It feels sporty even without the sports package. Even though the sports package moves it further up the performance ladder, the ride is a little too jarring for the road I drive on. An added bonus on this car is fuel frugality. I am already averaging 25.5 MPG over 1,300 miles (1/5 city and 4/5 highway driving). ", 'favorite': 'Interior and exterior design, LED daylight running light, lane change assist, keyless entry and start/stop'}, {'date': '04/29/2009', 'text': 'After months of study and countless test drives, I chose the Audi A4 quattro over the BMW 328xi and the new BMW 335d. As a previous BMW 3-series owner, I agonized over the decision. However, I cannot be happier. After owning it a few weeks, it has exceeded my high expectations. It is truly an incredible vehicle, with the perfect combination of all the options I was looking for. After initially considering the base (premium) model with the add-ons I wanted, I ultimately opted for the prestige model with all the toys. The icing on the cake is that I paid thousands less than a comparably equipped BMW with better mileage. ', 'favorite': 'Smooth and powerful 2.0 Turbo, quattro handling, awesome i-Pod connection with the MMI, back-up assist camera, keyless start-up, incredible stereo (Bang & Olufsen premium sound), LED headlights, lane change assist'}, {'date': '04/28/2009', 'text': "I had previously owned an A4 (2000). I remembered the fun it brought, so I thought I'd give it another chance when I began my car search. I also tried all the usual suspects. This was simply the best bang for the buck. I went with the Premium package with AWD. You don't need anything more than that. I read many reviews by other readers and I agree with the positive vibe on this newly improved model.", 'favorite': 'The car is well balanced with AWD and the 2.0 engine gives great performance with very good gas mileage. The interior feels like a jet cockpit. The increased vehicle size was a great idea that was much needed.'}, {'date': '04/28/2009', 'text': 'I wanted a German sedan and test drove the big three. Hands down I was the most impressed with the Audi A4. I went with the 2.0T because it has more torque than the V6! Very responsive and I am getting over 30 MPG on the highway! The MMI interface was better than the other two systems. Hunted down a 2.0T in Black with a Prestige package. I wanted the 18" rims and the Bang & Olufsen Stereo. The Audi\'s interior looks rich while the others\' look cheaper. The rear seat room is much better in the Audi.', 'favorite': 'The Bang and Olufsen stereo is by far the best car stereo I have ever heard. The sound reproduction is awesome. Having the iPod interface as well as an SD card slot means all my music comes with me. The front end styling is unique and aggressive. The Smart key technology is cool.'}, {'date': '04/28/2009', 'text': 'This is my first Audi purchase after many years of Volkswagen ownership and so far I am loving every mile of it. I chose the Premium Plus and 18" Sport packages. The seats are very comfortable and all controls are easy to use although I find using the MMI creates an extra step to do just about anything except adjust the radio volume. As typical for a German automobile, everything is placed logically. The steering wheel is weighted nicely but the paddles on the back of wheel are too small to make good use of them. I placed my order 10/08 and would have preferred a M/T but the timing just wouldn\'t work for me to wait that long. Other than that I can\'t really complain.', 'favorite': 'LED lights, 18" wheels, seats, hands- free bluetooth phone, dash layout, steering wheel, overall shape of the car. '}, {'date': '04/27/2009', 'text': "My trade was a 2006 A3 sport that I had for 2.5 years. I liked it so much I wanted to see what else Audi had that was just a little bit larger, more comfortable yet just as much fun to drive. The A4 Avant Sport was it. Options I got: Premium Plus, Sport, Navigation, Rear Side Airbags. This car is unbelievable. The BMW 325xi wagon cost $8k more for the same equipment but had a cheaper interior and didn't drive as well. The Infiniti EX had sub-par interior quality although it drove great. However, I'm not going to apologize to my back seat passengers as they trip getting out of the car (small back seat and door opening if I'm buying a $44k car and I would have to do that with the EX).", 'favorite': 'Interior quality and ergonomics is the best - hands down. Exterior is subtle yet sporty. The MMI is very intuitive. Sport seats are awesome. The car drives great and is very responsive. Sport suspension gives a firm ride, but still very comfortable and luxurious. Open-sky sunroof is fantastic.'}, {'date': '04/23/2009', 'text': 'Living in the Snowbelt had a dilemma which car to pick. I was looking for manual and 4 wheel drive, turned out that there are not many options available. The instance when I sit- down into Audi, realized that I like this car after the test drive I felt in love with it; signed the contract hour later. If you are looking for great looking comfortable car which can pump the blood through your veins go with A4 manual ? BEST CAR on the market. ', 'favorite': 'Ergonomics, seats, gearbox, handling'}, {'date': '04/18/2009', 'text': "I've had my A4 Premium Plus for about 6 months and I'm still completely in love with it. It is always so much fun to drive especially around turns on the parkway. Best car I've ever owned, my old Mercedes does not even compare to this car. It hasn't failed me yet. Not to mention, heads turn when I drive down the street, the car's gorgeous! ", 'favorite': 'The navigation/back up camera, the "smiling" lights, and just the way the car drives.'}, {'date': '04/17/2009', 'text': "Previously owned two 6-cylinder Jaguar X-Types. The Audi A4 ride is fantastic; the 4-cylinder Quattro engine is very powerful. Tiptronic manual shift is fun (but dangerous-- must be careful to avoid speeding ticket)! This vehicle is beautiful, roomy, and hugs the road. Because it's low to the ground you have to be careful when parking, so the front end isn't damaged by concrete barriers.", 'favorite': 'Impressive new design! Love the new ignition key system. Smooth ride; speed and performance are great; good- looking wheels are standard. Great sound system with 6 disc in-dash CD player. Interior heats up fast in cold weather.'}, {'date': '04/12/2009', 'text': "Looked at the Infiniti G37 and BMW 3 series before settling on the Audi A4. Owned an A6 over 10 years ago, and wasn't sure if we we'd buy another Audi, but the A4 has bested all my expectations in the little time I've had it. Didn't need AWD as we have a SUV at home, so I got the FWD with Sport package in Premium Plus trim. Car drives beautifully, hugs the road esp on turns, sounds great, and the LEDs turn heads for sure. The MMI is very easy to learn and the AMI and Bluetooth work like a breeze. The extended length also comes in handy. The next few years will tell me how much they've improved the Reliability but so far so good.", 'favorite': 'Lights - Xenon and LEDs, Sports package - wheels, seats and paddle shifting gears, Bluetooth/AMI/Media connectivity, Design in general is A+, Driveability. '}, {'date': '04/02/2009', 'text': "We've got the diesels and I bought one 3 weeks ago and traded my 2007 BMW 328i. It looks great, the interior is beautiful and the ride is nice and comfortable without being too 'sloppy'. The BMW was my first and last - the ride was horrible. This is as powerful, the auto changes cannot be felt, even in sport mode unless you really look for it - I'm old and like smooth! There is no perfection but this car is excellent in every way. The diesel engine does clatter but you can't really hear it from inside except when you accelerate and then it's only a bit of noise - like noisy tappets on an old car. Great.", 'favorite': 'Interior, ride, and fuel economy - diesel 40mpg city driving! price and build, turbo acceleration and torque. Plant your foot and hold on. Electronic park brake.'}, {'date': '03/14/2009', 'text': 'I am a 7-time BMW owner and was hesitant to compare the new Audi A4 to a 2009 BMW 3 series, but was surprisingly pleased with the build quality, performance, and amenities you get in the Premium Plus package and decided to go with a new 2009 A4 vs the BMW 328xi. I have only owned my new Audi A4 for a few days now, but am very pleased with the build quality, ride, and performance of this car. Anyone is the premium sport sedan market should take a serious look at the A4 before making a decision. ', 'favorite': 'Ipod integration, S mode on the transmission, AWD, fuel economy, Xenon headlights, bluetooth. 2.0T Turbo 211HP/258ft-lb torque. '}, {'date': '03/12/2009', 'text': "...A4, previously owned 2007 2.0T Q sport/Sline/Ti. Current car (2.0TQ prem+ w/sport pkg) is what I was hoping for when I 1st purchased an Audi, slightly better performance than before, much better handling, much improved seats (highly recommend sport pkg option). Feels like an adult's vehicle. Complaints: only re plastic dash piece (hope for aftermarket cure soon) & wish it still had a full size spare - minor stuff really. Very anxious to see how this is chipped, 2007 was a big difference, 2009 promises to be better. Bottom line, I love driving this car... so does my wife.", 'favorite': 'Sport seats, paddle shifters, gas mileage, modding potential.'}, {'date': '03/10/2009', 'text': 'After owning BMW\'s and Mercedes (2 lemons in a row), this is my 1st Audi. It is awesome! Very comfortable, wonderful variable steering, great electronics. I am impressed by the 4 cylinder turbo; quick acceleration, especially when down shift to the "S" mode (passed 5 cars on 2 lane country road-WOW!). We take it on the Interstate every weekend while our BMW 330 sits in the garage. Gas mileage is 24 around town and 27-30 on highway, depending on how I drive. The 2009 A-4 surpasses my expectations. ', 'favorite': 'Great comfort and steering. Steering tightens up the faster you go. Wonderful sound system. Spacious interior. Car is quiet at high at 90mph!'}, {'date': '03/08/2009', 'text': 'I bought this car as a gift for my wife, a blue quattro convertible. For once I hit an out of the park home run. She loves this car and I do too. Its fun to drive, beautiful on the inside and outside, and gives us no trouble at all. ', 'favorite': 'Easy to work convertible top, great seats and seat warmers. This car is fun to drive and has great traction.'}, {'date': '02/27/2009', 'text': 'I\'ve had the car for about 5000 miles so far, and probably would not buy it again. There\'s much I truly love about the car but the commuting ride quality on worn roads is very harsh, especially here in New England roads where the car is useful in snow. Since delivery car has real vibration 70 - 80 MPH. I\'ve seen others talk about this, and dealer has not resolved. I plan to take it to an independent tire spot. Speedometer seemed high, and reads about 4-5% higher than actual speed when calibrated with GPS. 77 MPH shows as 80 or 81. Racking up extra miles if you leased! Car is good from stop lights, but 2.0T feels underpowered with highway onramps, etc. Requires "S" mode and a heavy foot.', 'favorite': 'Sticks like glue to the road, and is simply stunning to drive in snow. I have driven nothing better. Striking, handsome exterior and modern, sharp interior. MMI with iPod integration is fantastic, but no Genius. Flawless Bluetooth performance. Climate control never needs adjusting, and is very quiet.'}, {'date': '02/27/2009', 'text': 'I like almost everything about my new Audi A4. The one negative thing is that the rims get dirty every time I drive it, even if its around the corner. Someone mentioned that it might be the brakes. ', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '02/18/2009', 'text': "I swapped a Tundra pickup for this wagon and love the car. Best combination of size, performance, and practicality on the market. Wonderful handling and when the turbo kicks in, breathtaking acceleration. Lots of features and techno gadgets even in the base model. As can be expected from Audi, top notch interior build although the gray metallic plastic around the instrument panel seems cheesy, why didn't they just use the aluminum trim like in the rest of the car. The radio controls take some getting used to and the steering wheel audio controls frustratingly don't let you scroll among preset stations only. This car is a looker and gets lots of attention, a top choice among wagons!", 'favorite': 'Turbo acceleration, Quattro handling, interior build, full of features, great looking car, highway mileage 27mpg at 80mpg, roomy enough for 2 car seats and a stroller, great looking car and not many of them on the road so you get lots of attention, reversible cloth/plastic cargo floor a nice touch'}, {'date': '02/16/2009', 'text': "Original post- 09/28/08 Car remains a blast to drive- stereo remains a favorite, bi-xenon lights are worth extra money. Significant difference in driving in S mode and super fun on twisting roads. Car handles fantastic in winter (installed winter tires & with all wheel drive - go anywhere as along as snow drifts aren't too high) Car is low - watch out for curbs & cement stops in parking places! Overall am very pleased with purchase after 4 1/2 months driving - you still want to go out just for the heck of it! What could be better - more horsepower (?), ride over bumps could be a bit smoother (but then you'd lose the sports car feel). Just a great car! ", 'favorite': 'Lights, stereo, transmission, Bluetooth, intuitive to drive, quickness, looks of car, FUN!'}, {'date': '02/13/2009', 'text': 'I got the A4 with Premium Plus, Nav and the Sport Package in Quartz Grey four months ago. The styling of the A5 caught my attention and when Audi applied it to the A4, it when to the top of my list. Beautiful interior with Aluminum Trim (not cheap plastic like my Chrysler) with plenty of leg room all around and the layout is excellent. The Engine has plenty of power and the brakes are amazing. The ride is a little stiff with the Sport Package and 18" low-profile summer tires, but it tracks around corners fast and flat. Sport seats hold you in place and are comfortable on long trips. Safest car I\'ve ever owned. Thanks to Edmunds for supplying loads of info towards my purchase. ', 'favorite': 'No. 1 is styling. Paddle shifters, AWD handling, LED running lights that turn heads, Xenon headlights and the stereo are great. Light steering at low speeds.'}, {'date': '02/13/2009', 'text': "I love this car, and it has been great. At 1200 miles it feels like a dream to drive... no issues. I get plenty of compliments and makes me feel happy to drive it. The engine has good giddy up in the low-speed range. Once you're higher up, engine feels like it struggles to move up, nevertheless it's fast enough for me unless you're looking for a speeding ticket.", 'favorite': 'Love the leather sport seats, the interior and the quality of the materials.'}, {'date': '02/08/2009', 'text': "Went from an '06 A4 2.0 Quattro to this. This is the '06 all grown up. The ride is tremendous and smooth. Very quiet in the cab which is great for blue-tooth calls. Handling is superb. Handles even better over 90 as all German cars should. Excellent off the line. Sport mode is stellar with the v6. Light package makes you feel like a rock star as you turn heads. ", 'favorite': 'Handling, smooth ride, light package, sound system, interior is beautiful, front exterior is awesome, acceleration is excellent.'}, {'date': '02/06/2009', 'text': "In January I traded in my 2006 BMW 530i in for the 2009 Audi A4. It seems like it should compete with the 5, because of its roominess and standard features. This car is the perfect size and it's more fun to drive than my BMW. Great value. I love my Audi!", 'favorite': 'MMS Stereo System, AUX, and Quattro, 60/40 Rear Seats'}, {'date': '01/29/2009', 'text': 'I love the car, it is quiet, low road noise. But, it burns oil. At 600 miles I have had to put in a half quart already. Furthermore, you would think for a car that burns so much oil, it would come with a dipstick, but, it does not. I wish I would have researched problems like this before buying. I do regret my decision now, oh, and for Audi, the current oil consumption is within their limits so, I drive with oil in my trunk at all times.', 'favorite': 'Quiet ride, MMI'}, {'date': '01/26/2009', 'text': "In the three years leading up to this car, I drove a Saab 9-3. And I admittedly enjoyed the car. But after driving the Audi A4, I can't imagine ever going back to another manufacturer. The handling is tight, the speed is quick and the ride is firm without being hard.", 'favorite': "Handling (car doesn't lean on turns) and pep (gets out of the gate without a single lag) and comfort (for it's class - I looked at the C-Class, 3-Series, 9-3 and G35x and this interior competes solidly with the other brands)."}, {'date': '01/19/2009', 'text': "Love this car. It's fun to drive and has character. It may not be the fastest in its class, but it is fast enough. The interior design is excellent and the interior space is much more roomier than the older A4s. Personally, I think the exterior design is nicer than the 3 series and C class.", 'favorite': 'Interior (especially the iPod interface). Exterior design, like the jewel day lights'}, {'date': '01/15/2009', 'text': "After two Corvettes, I decided I needed something more practical but still fun to drive. The Infiniti G37X was a little too small and too stiff and the 328xi a little too expensive. The A4 was just right. It handles well and accelerates nicely with the turbo 4. I don't think the V6 adds much more. It holds 4 people comfortably. I wouldn't go for 5 unless 3 are very small. The trunk is huge. The interior is handsome and the sound system is fine. This is my first experience with BlueTooth and its much better than OnStar.", 'favorite': 'Four wheel drive. We have had five snow storms since I bought the car in November and have had no problem getting around. The brakes are first rate.'}, {'date': '01/09/2009', 'text': 'I just got the A4 AWD 2.0T AT White w/ Black interior Premium Plus with the custom OEM Audi Sport 18" rims on all seasons and added the chrome tips. Changing the wheels and tips turns this car into a whole entire different animal. The ride is 100% better than my last sedan 2007 G35 AWD. This sedan is a much better value than the BMW AWD 3 series and the Benz C AWD. I love the ride and now I think I will be an Audi fan for a long time!!', 'favorite': 'The LED head lights make people stare at you like your driving a 100k car! Big space ship design compared to cars in its class. The TRUE AWD handling! The new body style turns it into a thing of beauty as opposed to last years design that didn?t even hold my attention for 2 seconds.'}, {'date': '01/07/2009', 'text': "Ever since I saw the R8 commercials on the Superbowl, I've been following Audi more closely. I'm glad I did. I own the new 2009 Audi, and I've been so impressed with it. Watch out for this car. It accelerates 0-60 a full second faster than the previous Audi A4's. The LED lights are so cool. The braking is amazing. People stop dead in their tracks and look at it. Put this thing in S mode and drive down a windy road. The car grips the road, and it's substantially different than in D, it's not some gimmick. ", 'favorite': 'Acceleration, handling, braking. '}, {'date': '01/06/2009', 'text': 'Being stationed in Europe, I have had the privilege to drive on the infamous Autobahn. I truly believe that Audi is the best German automobile. I have owned three, TT, A6 and now the new A4, all quattros. This new generation Audi is over the top. I bought this car for my wife as an anniversary present. We took a trip together and this car feels, looks, smells, sounds and handles just like a German automobile should. The B & O sound system is the best sound system I have ever heard. Our car comes fully equipped with the exception for navigation and suspension control. The days of notoriety of owning a MB or BMW are over. I always thought they were overrated. ', 'favorite': 'The sound system is incredible. Daytime running lights. Interior and the layout of the instrument cluster. All safety features that make this car safe. Keyless entry. The looks we get when we are in it.'}, {'date': '01/05/2009', 'text': 'I just bought the \'09 A4 Avant with Prestige package, Navigation, 19" Sports package and Drive Select. After about 1200 miles I must say that this is by far the best and most fun car I ever owned. The technology is cutting edge, the interior is on par with any recent Porsche (and much better than its direct competitors) and the performance is much better than the previous generation A4. The new A4 has dethroned the BMW as the true ultimate driving machine. As a previous A4 owner, I am pleased that Audi addressed all design flaws from the B7 models. It now boosts stronger hinges on arm rests, cup holders closer to the center of gravity etc', 'favorite': 'LED (turns a lot of heads), side assist system, quality feel of interior'}, {'date': '12/31/2008', 'text': "After drooling over it since it came out I finally picked up the 2.0 Turbo with the Premium Plus package in brilliant red with tan interior. This car is awesome! The turbo has excellent giddy-up, and the extra foot lbs. of Torque give this car plenty of pop of the line and set it apart from any other seday in its class. The Audi MMI can be challenging at 1st, but once you get the hang of it is very easy to use. I love the ipod integration (a must for me) and the bluetooth phone feature that downloads your phone book. The new body style provides plenty of room in the back for my 3 year old daughter. I had an MDX, and I now love to drive again! ps. The LED's are poppin'! ", 'favorite': "Ipod interface, bluetooth phone, LED's, MMI, Quattro AWD."}, {'date': '12/22/2008', 'text': "This is a fantastic vehicle! I test drove numerous vehicles before purchasing the Audi A4 including the Lexus IS250, BMW 328xi, Mercedes-Benz C300 4MATIC, and the Acura TL. The A4 was the best vehicle hands down. The handling of this vehicle on wet and dry roads is excellent. I feel like I'm riding on rails even in the snow. The interior is beautiful and made with high quality materials. Every button and every dial feels great to the touch. The back seat has enough room for even your biggest family members. The trunk is enormous for a 4-door sedan. This vehicle is extremely quick for a 4-cylinder turbo. The back-up camera is unlike any other you've ever seen! LED lights turn heads! ", 'favorite': 'The Bang & Olufsen sound system is the best sound system I\'ve ever heard in a vehicle! Bluetooth, Navigation, Back- up camera, LED daytime running lights, 18" wheels and ipod integration are also very cool.'}, {'date': '12/18/2008', 'text': "My 550i lease just expired and I wanted to downsize the car but not the features. The A4 2.0 with Prestige seemed like just the answer. I have never heard a better car stereo than the B&O system that comes with the Prestige package. The daytime LED's are very cool and this design really hit the target! I was also used to keyless go so this option is now a must have for me. Finally, the side alert is a great feature and my mirrors tell me if someone is in my blind spot with a flashing light. Except for power I actually like this car a lot more than my 550i.", 'favorite': "Gas mileage, B&O stereo, Works seamlessly with my iphone, side alert, mmi, daytime led's, back up camera."}, {'date': '11/28/2008', 'text': 'The new Audi A4 is perhaps the best of what Audi has produced. The German definition of engineering continues to be distinct with safety first and foremost. This car is fun to drive and I expect Audi to improve on its interior functionality in the next few years. For us larger drivers a better designed front seat would be appreciated. No doubt the quattro all wheel drive system ranks at the top in winter weather. If you are comparing models this is one you have to try.', 'favorite': 'Handling and quattro all wheel drive system.'}, {'date': '11/27/2008', 'text': "I love to drive this car. It's the Prestige with nav and drive select. The handling is unbelievable, combined with a truly solid ride and plenty of power. I was concerned at first whether the car would have sufficient power for my lead foot, but it certainly does, especially in sport mode. You just need to punch it -- with a turbo, one needs to use more pedal than with a non-turbo 6 cyl. The gadgets are wonderful: Nav, bluetooth, Sirius radio, backup parking beeper and camera. The Bang & Olufsen sound system is fabulous, worth the extra. I took the car on a 3000 mile trip. One barely notices getting to high speed, very solid, esp. with dynamic mode. Radar detector needed!", 'favorite': "Drive Select-distinct softening in comfort mode, nice for town. Dynamic really tightens up the handling. Sweet on Mulholland Drive with all the other yahoos in their BMW's and Porsches. Sirius-24 hour Grateful Dead and Chill channels. Parking sensor and camera--handy running lights-wife digs em! "}, {'date': '11/25/2008', 'text': "This is an update from my previous review. We got some snow here and I was able to test Quattro system much more than on wet pavement. I confirm that without ASR, handling is exceeding my expectation! I feared that the electronic would limit my fun, but I'm very pleased by the latitude granted by my A4. And with ASR, I know my wife will not be in trouble when driving in the snow. Also, I got my Ipod cable and can confirm that Ipod integration is flawless. I use playlist and store over 350 CDs on my Ipod. Can navigate with ease and of course, sound quality it excellent. The only one thing that disappointed me a bit is the non SDHC support for SD cards which limits capacity to 2GB", 'favorite': 'Quattro, B&O, fun to drive'}, {'date': '11/24/2008', 'text': "I purchased the A4 with the Prestige package, awesome car. Handles great and has much better performance than previous A4s. The only complaint, automatic transmission seems to shift too early in the lower gears and sometimes feels like it can't make up its mind between 1st and 2nd gear.", 'favorite': "Everyone knows you're coming with the LED lights! Bang & Olefsen sound system is superb."}, {'date': '11/18/2008', 'text': "Purchased my first Audi vehicle two weeks ago and found a terrific car. I have owned Porsches, Mercedes, VW Passat, VW GTI and all that German design and tecnogolgy finally led me to this beautifully appointed sport sedan. Great looking exterior plus a finely finished interior. Everything about the driver's cockpit is wonderfully situated, easy to reach knobs and dials. Beautifully lit at night. Bang & Olufsen stereo blows all other audio systems away. A great option included in the prestige package along with keyless entry, push button start, stop. Side assist, rear alert. Automatic rain sensor and headlights. I picked the color meteor gray which kinda looks either dark blue or black ", 'favorite': 'Neat LED daytime running lights, B&O stereo. Overall styling and great gas mileage with 2.0 turbo'}, {'date': '11/15/2008', 'text': "Bought the A4 2.0T Quattro with the premium plus package. Great exterior styling, good interior, good fit/finish, almost great handling. This car is quicker and better handing than the '99 A6 3.2 I sold. The low-end torque makes it responsive in commute driving, loads of fun in the hills. Getting an honest 30+ mpg on the highway. The trunk is roomy, and the split fold-down rear seat ads versatility some of the other sports sedans lack. The LED daytime running lights turn heads.", 'favorite': 'Engine performance and exterior styling are great. The Bluetooth cell phone link is a good feature, and the Infotainment system is easy to operate.'}, {'date': '11/06/2008', 'text': "I got the premium plus package with navigation. I've had the car for a few weeks and absolutely love it! The symphony style LED headlights are my favorite, everyone notices them. The 2.0T engine has plenty of power, I wouldn't want the 3.2L. Audi has done it again!", 'favorite': 'LED headlights, navigation, new sportier exterior styling'}, {'date': '10/29/2008', 'text': "Mine, ordered in May, was in the very first shipment. Compared to my twin turbo 2001 A6, it's a only a bit smaller in the rear seat but very close in the front with more headroom and a larger trunk. While a bit slower of the line to 30, it is faster to 60 than my old twin turbo A6 and definitely a better handler. Have 3000 miles already and just got back from a 1500 mile trip. Very comfortable despite a somewhat stiffer seat than the A6. Overall, very pleased.", 'favorite': 'Handling, braking, MMI and the incredible B&O audio system. Looks great. The daytime friving LEDs are a really nice touch - gets lots of looks. Love the smoothness and sound of the 3.2 V6 and willing to trade a few mpg.'}, {'date': '10/20/2008', 'text': 'I have the premium plus pkg with nav. This is the best car I\'ve ever had. Easy to drive and so much fun. Handles turns extremely well at fast speeds. The gas mileage is pretty good, getting 22ish city. I love the "smiling" lights and how they look during the day and at night. I\'ve never felt so safe and comfortable in a car.', 'favorite': 'The navigation/back up camera and overall design of the car.'}, {'date': '10/20/2008', 'text': "Great car for the money. Just bought this car for my wife, looked at BMW X6 - seats only 4? 3 series SUV I wasn't impressed with, I drive a 335i and we needed a winter car. Front end, very aggressive styling and they did a better job with the back end too. Enough for 5 people, dogs and luggage.", 'favorite': 'LED lights under headlights, very nice styling.'}, {'date': '10/19/2008', 'text': 'I bought the A4 Premium Plus about 2 weeks ago, and all I have to say is that it is absolutely amazing. I had looked at BMW, Mercedes, and Lexus, and this car defiintely blows them all away. End of story. The handling could not get any better; it is even better than the 2008 Audi A4. The steering is very precise and adapts to how fast or slow you are going. The ride is quiet and smooth, making it a very comfortable car. I could see myself sticking with Audis in the future. Even though the price can be high for some buyers, all I have to say is take a test drive and you will see that you get what you pay for. The car is amazing. I would not change a thing.', 'favorite': 'Backup camera/sensors, MMI, Nav, bluetooth, steering, iPod interface'}, {'date': '10/15/2008', 'text': "I purchased my 2009 A4 Quattro with Premium Plus less then one month ago and I simply can't stop driving this vehicle. It's fun to drive. Turns heads (Daytime Running lights). Simply looks great! Awesome build quality. That is just the start of the reason I love this vehicle. As usual the folks from Audi have done an outstanding job of designing and building this vehicle. The tolerances are very tight, the materials are high quality, and overall design theme is stunning. I've never really been excited about a vehicle until this car!", 'favorite': 'The Audi Music Interface works great, the Ipod integration is fantastic as is the bluetooth connectivity for cell phones. I love how my contacts are downloaded right into the vehicle so I can easily dial without ever lifting my hands from the wheel. My favorite feature? All of it!'}, {'date': '10/13/2008', 'text': "I have owned various BMW's & Audi's over the past 15 years, and this seems to be one of my favorites. I just ended an X3 lease and was considering the 328xi wagon or the A4 Avant. To my surprise, I chose the Avant with the Premium Plus Package, because they really made a lot of advancements since my 2004 Audi. Until BMW redesigns the 328, the Audi 2.0 I think is a much better car. It handles great, it's feels much quicker than the 328, and the interior and exterior design (at least on the Avant) is a real winner. So far, I think it's a no brainer.", 'favorite': "The MMI is very cool. The 2.0 is much better than I thought it would be. Handling is very crisp. I can really throw it through turns. Seats are very comfortable. Seems to get pretty good gas mileage. Finally, being a wagon, there's lots of cargo space. Why would anybody choose an SUV"}, {'date': '10/10/2008', 'text': "I picked it up 2 weeks ago in Aruba Blue. Love the car and the color. I test drove several cars before decided on A4. You can't compare beautiful interior & exterior designing with any other car in its class. When turbo kicks in you feel you are drving on the race track not on a highway. Love the MMI, bluetooth and iPod features. I love it.", 'favorite': 'Great pick up, awesome interior, great sound system & MMI.'}, {'date': '10/02/2008', 'text': "Had this car for three weeks and I have nothing but good things too say about it. Stylish exterior with just as beautiful interior. Acceleration and power feel much better than when I tested the 2009 TSX which is also a four-banger but not quite as responsive as the other competitors that have a V6. Safety is pretty much on par with everyone else as well but Quattro is a big plus since that's the only real fulltime AWD in its class. I like that automatic not only has a manual shift mode, but also a sport autoshift that lets the car stay in lower gears longer for more power. All in all a real eye-catcher inside and out that gets decent MPG for an AWD and has just enough zip to have fun.", 'favorite': 'All new styling and increased HP, torque, MPG, and room than the old model. Trunk also big enough to fit my golf clubs and much much more.'}, {'date': '09/29/2008', 'text': "I've had the car for 3 weeks and 600 miles of driving so far. I got the Premium Plus trim with Navigation and I'm really loving the car. It has the exterior looks, interior styling/finish and performance that make it the true triple-threat. For a V4 turbo, it delivers a consistent torque through the RPM range making it a pure joy to drive coupled with the excellent all- time quattro AWD. The interior is Audi at it's best with an excellent MMI system - for all intents and purposes is the same interior of the more expensive A6/Q7 models. Everything is designed to make the driver's job as effortless and enjoyable as possible and I have no regrets whatsoever in purchasing this car. Recommended", 'favorite': 'Performance of 2.0T engine is excellent while still giving great gas mileage. Interior styling, finish and technology is same as more expensive A6/Q7 model. The LED DRLs are unique and attention grabbing, add personal flair to the car. Rain sensing wipers/auto headlights make effortless driving'}, {'date': '09/28/2008', 'text': 'Just purchased the new A4- significant improvements over previous generation. Tested Mercedes C class, BMW 3 series, Infinti G35, Lexus IS before deciding on Audi. Vehicle has premium pckg, Technology pckg, B&O stereo system. All options worth the extra cost- stereo is wonderful, MMI much easier and intuitive than BMW, steering is very crisp, engine is very good, transmission very smooth, shifting in manual mode is great! As expected, interior is best in class and extra length to car has resulted in much better back seat space than previous versions- tall people will still find back a bit cramped though. Save money + stay with base engine- turbo is great!', 'favorite': 'Engine, transmission, steering, brakes are all great. Stereo is awesome- car looks great (white/black) and new headlights work and look great! Seats are comfortable as well'}, {'date': '09/27/2008', 'text': "I had been researching the '09 A4 since March 08 - I ordered it in July and picked it up 2 weeks ago. The car is everything I'd hoped for. It is beautifully redesigned with a sportier & elegant lines. The headlights are making heads turn on the road!! The trunk is spacious; interior is luxurious and roomy. I debated on waiting for the 6-speed manual, but decided to go with the 6-speed tiptronic. The response is quick with a very smooth shifting; excellent acceleration. I have the premium plus package with navigation/back up camera option. There are abundant features included in the premium plus package; I also added the navigation package which included the MMI.", 'favorite': "MMI: I love the interface which controls the bluetooth, iPod (Audi Music Interface), navigation and audio selections. Best part is I don't even have to take my phone out of my bag. It picks up the contacts in my Blackberry so I can dial right from the MMI!"}, {'date': '09/24/2008', 'text': "I wish this car had better MPG. That's my only complaint so far. It's competitive with others, but I'm finding closer to 26/27 on the highway versus 30/31 as dealerships tend to suggest you'll get, rather than the numbers listed on the window. Then again, who trusts car dealerships. I find the front seat very very comfortable and since I do a lot of highway driving, this is a big plus.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '09/24/2008', 'text': "Of course my car is new and I'm so happy and exited about my choice; but I did test all AWD cars in that segment, then chose A4 for the style, size (bmw too small), quality of the interior, ultimate sound system. Handling, fun to drive is great! Performance is more than enough for me, but lack brute force of G35x or BMW335xi. This is the only item for which the A4 is not getting perfect score across the board. B&O sound system is a marvel! Way superior than previous Bose option. And with the SD card support, I even don't need to use CD (6 disk changer, MP3 support). It comes with ipod integration, I'm expecting the ipod cable delivery soon and will provide feedback on it. ", 'favorite': "Fuel economy for a 6cyl, it's great! Handling in corners. Sound system."}, {'date': '09/22/2008', 'text': "The new A4 is an all around excellent auto. It surpasses all others in its class and then some. Wheelbase is similar to the MBenz E-class. Style is literally a jaw dropper. Acceleration 0-60 is better than my 225hp TT which was 6.3 sec. Im guessing the A4 3.2 quattro is similar to the A5 3.2 rating of 5.8sec 0-60, not the 6.3 posted on the Audi website. The exhaust sound is deep and throaty. Braking is quick with minimal nose dive. The best feature is the steering feel. It's very light and nimble. Interior and exterior finish quality is top notch. I test drove this car at Infineon raceway a few months ago and couldn't wait for its arrival. A well equipped A4 3.2 quattro for $40k, what a deal!", 'favorite': 'The A4 3.2 quattro is fully loaded and well worth the extra $4k. Seats are heated and/or cooled. The LED daytime driving lights are a big attention grabber. The best feature is the steering response.'}]
2009_audi_a5 - [{'date': '09/27/2009', 'text': 'Have all the toys in this car, have driven 7000 miles to date. Owned many cars in my 50 years of driving and this is by far the best. Enough performance and great quiet and comfort. Very smooth in every way. Getting 25+ mpg with no problems to date. If I could build it myself I would trade the mmi for touch screen nav, make the manual a little tighter shifting, but overall the best ride my wife and I ever had! ', 'favorite': 'smooth & quiet'}, {'date': '08/18/2009', 'text': "I've had my 2009 A5 for two months now, and I continue to be delighted every time I take it out of my garage, I feel like a child with a new toy. I'm pampered by the amenities such as the excellent back-up camera, the i- pod integration system, the crisp 6- speed shifter, and the amazingly comfortable seats. I love the screen over the sunroof, which allows a little light but not enough to make me squint against the sun. The exterior styling is quietly elegant - the daytime running lights are cooler than I can say, and I love the keyless entry which keeps me from digging in my purse for my keys. I routinely get 33 mpg on the highway.", 'favorite': 'The lovely black glossy finish. The easy-to-use nav system. The comfortable seats. The acceleration of the 6-speed transmission. All- wheel drive - a "must-have" in North Dakota. My bicycle fits in the back!'}, {'date': '07/13/2009', 'text': 'I held onto my 1998 A4 for 11 years, before getting the A5 S-Line 3.2 MT in early May. I was looking for something sportier, but with the same quattro like 4WD since I live in CT and I like the feel of quattro on a snow covered highway. The A5 has been a dream. The looks and fit of the exterior is exceptional. The interior is remarkable for its price range. The 265HP is completely sufficient to address the 98% of my driving. I got Drive Select and it feels like two different cars in one. Best yet, so few of these on the road and people regularly proffer estimates of $75k. You want a daily driver that satisfies a need for sport without spending a small fortune? This is it.', 'favorite': 'Exterior style (German with an Italian flair), S-line style in particular. Interior style and fit (befits a $100k car). Audi Drive Select ($2k gets you the equivalent of 2 different car personalities)'}, {'date': '06/02/2009', 'text': 'Pros: Led lights, B&O Sound System, Exterior, Interior, MPG, all wheel drive, Trunk space, Great resale value and MMI console. Cons: Expensive, Navigation package is not that great when compared to other luxury brands and not much head room. Overall this is an AWESOME Coupe!!! ', 'favorite': 'LED Lights, all wheel drive'}, {'date': '06/02/2009', 'text': 'Chose the A5 for its beauty and refinement. No disappointments as it has exceeded our expectations. Our 2nd Audi as we need awd and like the quality furnishings. But this baby has smooooth power and delivering 25+ mpg so far. Chose select drive, tech package and nav and all works delightfully. The 6 sp manual works flawlessly with plenty of torque in every gear.', 'favorite': 'side assist, bluetooth and voice command, drop dead gorgeous looks, smooth, quiet and comfortable, exceptional fuel economy'}, {'date': '06/01/2009', 'text': 'I am 6\'5" tall and need a car I can fit in. Rented an Audi A5 in Italy in January 2009 and fit great so shopped for one back home in California. Test drove the A5 and loved it. But liked the S-Line meteor gray looks much better so bought that one. Am loving it. So much fun to drive and there is enough head room. Not much visibility behind, but with the rear video camera and warning sounds, and side mirror driver assist-really don\'t need the visibility. Quiet ride, fun to drive, and I get many random compliments in parking lots. Only really bad thing is that I hate the lumbar on the sporty seats. Cannot get a comfortable position. Big bump in my lower back. No other seat does this. ', 'favorite': 'Interior and Exterior looks, quiet smooth ride, quick acceleration, fun to drive, dash display, night time panel lights, Bang Olufsen stereo. '}, {'date': '05/20/2009', 'text': 'After 3 months I still look back at it and smile, the lines are great, the LED lights are AWESOME!! Being 1 of 3 in my area an S5 nothing to say about that, but the other A5 has the basic, if u can spend the money get the upgrades 19", B&O system and as I\'m reading the reviews the standard leather isn\'t good, I have the Milano and can\'t complain. I will say seat positioning is hard to find, but i haven\'t found a car that makes it easy! I also have the Dynamic Control. If u like to be aggressive sometimes it\'s worth it, the car totally changes under you (Trans, Suspen, Handle) and I have to say, for the small HRS power I have knocked out some pretty beefed up cars when I hit that button.', 'favorite': "LIGHTS!!!! The sound, it's so clear - the ipod connection. The fact that there are so few on the streets. ~All in ALL the car itself~~"}, {'date': '04/27/2009', 'text': "It's fun, the roof needs to open, I mean really for that much money Audi could do much better. It barely tilts. I only have 200 miles on it and already am looking for something else... A lot of money but no great things... Dash is very clumsy in design, not very user friendly, and if you buy one don't even thing of trying to adjust anything on the dash board you will wreck your new baby...", 'favorite': 'Styling, S-Line is the only way to go...'}, {'date': '03/22/2009', 'text': 'The body of this car is by far the best looking on the road today. And Deep Sea Blue is the most beautiful color I?ve seen. In the shade it looks black, but in the sunlight it?s a gorgeous three dimensional metallic shade of dark blue. I think the darker colors bring out the lines better than the lighter ones, but I?ve read other reviews that say the opposite. The conclusion: the car has awesome lines regardless of color. The MMI isn?t as confusing as some reviews say; however, most actions are a two-step process. It?s a little more work, but there are SO many options for comfort, information, entertainment, etc. If you?re considering this car, go drive one, you?ll love it. ', 'favorite': 'Color and style are stunning. I absolutely love Side Assist for highway driving. Bang & Olufsen Sound w/Sirius & ipod interface is the best around. Everything just speaks elegance. With the manual trans, it?s the perfect blend of sports car and class.'}, {'date': '03/14/2009', 'text': 'After 8 months, I am still thrilled with the car. I have never owned a car that got so much attention from so many people. It has enough power to make it fun to drive, and the Quattro all-wheel drive is fun to challenge in corners.', 'favorite': 'I-Pod function is seamless with the MMI controls, bluetooth phone connection works great, and LED running lights are a stunning accent!'}, {'date': '02/21/2009', 'text': "For the money, one of the best cars I have owned. I have received so much interest from other drivers whether driving it or walking up and people stopping to inquire. Driving impression for such a heavy car is terrific and well balanced. The all wheel drive and 19 inch wheels no doubt compensate. One reviewer complained about the steering. I don't see it. I have not heard rattle, squeak or shutter. The fit and build quality is tremendous. Plus, you're not seeing yourself coming down the road in a 3 series. The v6 has great power. The V8 blows you away, but so does the gas. Great car. ", 'favorite': 'Exterior design, parking assist, Hamon Kardon Audio.'}, {'date': '02/05/2009', 'text': 'Shopped long and hard and considered BMW3 and Z4, Mercedes C300 and SLK, Infiniti G37, Cadillac CTS and Audi TT. In my opinion, the A5 offered the best combination of style,performance, comfort and value and I have not been disappointed after four months and 5000 miles. MPG of 20.3 with estimated 20% highway/80% city. Plenty of room for two sets of golf clubs in the spacious trunk. I enjoy the look of the 19" Y wheels but would not recommend them to those of you that do the majority of your driving on the highway due to a rougher ride. Minor nitpicks for excessive brake dust (although it appears to be moderating) and for a slight roughness when shifting from second to third.', 'favorite': 'Overall elegance both inside and out. The rich dark hue of the Deep Sea Blue paint at twilight. Six speed manual and, of course, the B & O premium sound system cranking out Serius Blues.'}, {'date': '01/13/2009', 'text': "Traded in 2000 BMW 328i. Had always planned on replacing with another BMW but I haven't been impressed with the current designs and decided to make the switch. Looked at a number of cars in this segment but ultimately choose the A5 for the practicality of the AWD, decent MPG, and of course the stunning looks (don't buy this car if you don't like being gawked at). Acceleration and handling are good but there are certainly cars with better. Got to test out the Quattro last month in some serious snow and ice... and it was unbelievable. For me it was all about being able to drive in the winter. If that's not an issue than I think the competition is stiff for the A5.", 'favorite': "LED daytime running lights- soon they'll be ubiquitous but for now quite exotic looking (wish I could see them when I'm driving). Technology package- Side Assist and Smart key. Huge trunk. MMI is surprisingly easy to learn. "}, {'date': '01/08/2009', 'text': 'After drooling for this car for the better part of a year, I finally ordered the car last July. Unfortunately, due to availability issues, I was unable to drive the configuration I ordered (18" tires, M/T). The car\'s ride and handling easily surpassed my expectations (as well as my previous 2002 A4 w/ sport suspension. Engine is silky smooth, with a light clutch but excellent feedback. The car is extremely quiet, and combined with the Bang & Olfsen radio, just a pure joy to drive', 'favorite': 'Quattro. '}, {'date': '11/15/2008', 'text': "I finally traded in my 2001 BMW 330 for this car and although it is a nice car, I miss the BMW just a bit. The long wheelbase makes navigating in tight situations tough and the standard leather feels really cheap. Wish I would have paid for the leather upgrade. Also, wish it came standard with the S-line seats. The standard seats feel a little too flat and make it tough to really have fun with the car. Don't get me wrong, this car is sweet. It is awesome to drive and the performance definitely rivals a BMW. Much cheaper than the 335 coupe too. Really like the technology controls and the B&O sound system rocks. Tough to go wrong. Wish I had more money to buy the upgrades.", 'favorite': 'Styling, interior controls, sound system, smooth ride, fun to drive, highway acceleration. Manual transmission started off a little rough but drives like a dream now after three weeks. Lots of room inside and trunk is huge. Interior styling feels nice, not much hard plastic.'}, {'date': '11/13/2008', 'text': "2009 A5 S line with all the bells and whistles. My 3rd Audi. Bought after my 1st Benz that I got ripped off from my G35 coupe trade in. Still breaking it though so I will get back after a few months for a full review. Didn't do the drive mode button though...waste of money. Still trying to get used to seat position, haven't found perfect yet. Shame it doesn't have as much power as the G37 with the V6. I would have went with the lower powered turbo instead or diesel if an option here in the US.", 'favorite': 'B&O sound system. Stitch work on seats for S line. Exterior design. Headlamps are by far the coolest on the street. Being one of only 2 A5 drivers in Jacksonville is fantastic. '}, {'date': '11/10/2008', 'text': "I own an A5 S-Line version in red. I love it after stepping down from a 1997 A8. The car was worth waiting for and it is really a large sport car. This thing handles like a dream, but if it didn't have 19 in wheels with summer tires the ride wouldn't feel so brutal over bad pavement. The combination velour and leather seats are firm and supportive, a good thing for spirited driving. These seats are not as cushy as the A8, but this is a different beast. I like the driving position so much that I have changed my position in other cars to replicate the position. The trunk is only 3 cubic feet less than the A8, this means it is huge (about 16 cubic ft).", 'favorite': 'Bang & Olufsen sound, handling, trunk size, driving position, engine, voice commands, MMI/navigator, exterior styling. There is an interface for an iPod. In dash 6-disc CD player. I like the redundant steering wheel controls. Bluetooth, voice command controls are appreciated.'}, {'date': '10/31/2008', 'text': 'This is the most fun car I have ever owned. My last car was a BMW 335 and the power and acceleration of the A5 is just as good. I read some reviews saying this car lacked acceleration power, so I drove test drove both the manual and the automatic. The difference was night and day. For anyone who wants a serious sports car with amazing handling, I would recommend the manual version of the A5- -while the automatic is nice, the manual drives and feels much more like the S5, but about 10K less expensive. I was considering the BMW X6, but the A5 was more fun to drive with much better gas mileage. Seriously, forget the tiptronic--only about $1200 more for auto, but a downgrade in my opinion.', 'favorite': 'Manual transmission with sportline package. Awesome front and rear grille.'}, {'date': '10/30/2008', 'text': 'Amazing value. I\'ve owned a 911Cab, 535i, SL55AMG and CL500 in the past 5 years. Ridiculous yes but I like cars. None of these come close to my new loaded \'09 A5 for the dollar. Yes, the SL55 had the power & torque but not the value or the back seat for kids. I also drove the S5 but glad I bought the A5 instead with drive select. Sometimes I want the 911 handling and other times the Lexus sofa. With DriveSelect, its your decsion and it all works! I predict MB, BMW and Lexus will lose market share to Audi over the next few years and rightfully so. "Car of the Year" ...if you can find one.', 'favorite': "The B & O system is absolutely the best car audio I've ever heard. Radio, NAV, ipod & blue tooth integration are flawless! Arm rest slides fwd with adjustable height to match shifter elevation. Large boot. With 500 miles on car in last 2 weeks, I have no regrets."}, {'date': '10/30/2008', 'text': "This has been a hectic journey. Ten months, and three different A5 orders, I got my Audi. I originally opted for a Deep Sea Blue A5, but I settled for Brilliant Black. All I can say is wow. At just about every stop-light, I will get stares are looks from other drivers.When I go to a restaurant, valet will park me in the front. When I get into my car with the intelligent key, I am relaxed by the Bang & Olufson sound system. In terms of safety, I don't think you can get much better. Rear backup camera, tons of airbags, and sticky tires which prevent me from sliding. Overall, I do not regret going from a 2006 325xi to this car. I highly do not regret leaving the BMW Brand. I am happy I bought it.", 'favorite': 'Looks, cinnamon milano leather, plenty of standard features, an excellent navigation interface, a pretty good value, attractive standard rims, technology package (well worth the money), B & O sound system, quality inside and out, a good alternative to the far too common 3 series coupe'}, {'date': '09/24/2008', 'text': "I had a 2008 A5 on order, but fortunately I delayed the order so I could get a 2009. Worth the wait. I traded a RS6 and am far happier. Don't feel like I gave up much performance (yes, I drove the S5 also) but the gained a 50% or better increase in mileage. Handling is the best of any Audi I've owned. Car is beautiful and I have gotten more compliments on the car than I had with the Porsche Carerra. The '09 has the Audi sensors on the side mirrors that show a warning light for traffic in your blind spot. There is on the fly control of steering, suspension, and shift characteristics from gentle to aggresive. iPod combined with B & O sound is fantastic with no distortion at full volume. ", 'favorite': 'The 2009 has voice activation and it is a joy to use. No problems with it understanding me from the git go. Can call up a radio station by name, including going from the traffic report on AM to the oldies in Sirius with a single request. Can call up nav, ask for it to find a gas station by voice. '}, {'date': '09/17/2008', 'text': "This car is simply amazing all around. Comes with a nice price tag, but definitely worth every last penny. Exterior styling and especially interior fit/finish are top notch. The performance for V6 is quite good and the Quattro really makes you stick to the road. Its really nice not having to worry about the back- end getting away from you. I get so many looks in this car I'm afraid a few people haven't wrecked looking at it because they stare so long. Overall, I give this car a solid 10, it is everything I thought it would be and more!", 'favorite': 'S-Line wheels, drive select, manual trans'}, {'date': '09/07/2008', 'text': 'I had test drives in the G37, TT and A5 and had to think long and hard on what was a very difficult choice. The A5 finally won me over with its fabulous lines matched perfectly to a class leading interior and Audi build quality. I\'m giving up a 2003 BMW 330ci which I really love for this car. I came to the conclusion that there comes a time in life when it\'s not the fastest 0-60 time that matters. The A5 is responsive enough for me (although the D position is pretty woeful for spirited driving) in sport or manual shift mode. Driving home from the dealership (83 miles) with the A5 was a joy. Long distance cruising in this car is a pleasure. Sound insulation is excellent with 18" wheels.', 'favorite': 'The Deep Sea Blue Pearl exterior and Cinnamon Brown Milano leather interior are a perfect combination. Push button start and convenience key are great. A practical boot that can accommodate real world luggage and carrying requirements. B & O sound system. '}, {'date': '08/26/2008', 'text': 'This is my first coupe and my first Audi. I picked up the car two weeks ago after waiting ten weeks from order to delivery. The car is absolutely beautiful inside and out, is fun to drive and very quite on the highway. Audi really got it right with this design.', 'favorite': 'Everything, especially the Bang & Olufsen sound system.'}]
2009_audi_q5 - [{'date': '10/11/2009', 'text': "Was driving an S-line A6 for past 2 years and while it was great it was too big for me. The Q5 has the luxury of the A6 and the nimbleness of the A4 all packaged in a functional SUV. I have wanted a mini SUV for years but they all look like 'soccer mom' cars until the Q5. That's what made the difference. The exterior is so aggressive and sporty vs 'cute'. One touch of the power hatch lift button and I can get my bike in the cargo area or pack up for a road trip. My husband wanted to keep the A6 and even he admits the Q5 is pretty cool. ", 'favorite': 'Exterior styling, panoramic sunroof, auto hatchback button, AWD'}, {'date': '10/06/2009', 'text': 'Although a very good looking car and fun to drive at high speeds, this car transmission technology is still too new and Audi has not full control over it, I have a default transmission, and am not the only one, they have no right answers as how to fix it, they first exchange the mechatronics which has nothing to do with the jerking of the transmission in the lower gears, and after trying different things and not being able to repair the car their best solution is to replace the entire transmission in a vehicle that has less than 2800 miles. That to me as a customer is unacceptable.', 'favorite': 'outside looking, interior design'}, {'date': '09/14/2009', 'text': 'My wife in on her second Audi (first an A4, now an A6). I\'m the "designated SUV driver" in the family. I had a 5 year old Nissan Murano, which performed well and was a good value, but I\'ve always been jealous of my wife\'s Audi(s). I looked at several mid-sized SUV\'s as a replacement, but none compared with the Q5. It drives like a sport sedan, with all of the comfort and convenience of a SUV. The size is perfect for getting around downtown and parking spaces, but it feels very large inside. ', 'favorite': "The fit and finish are first class and have a high end feel, as is generally the case with Audi. The design of the interior can't be beat and overall, a very good use of space. Aggressive looking exterior. "}, {'date': '08/28/2009', 'text': "This car looks and handles great. It is fun to drive, has plenty of cargo space, and has a great sound system. I came from a Mercedes with every bell and whistle imaginable and with this car, don't miss it. I agree that the side mirrors are too big and take getting used to. I do also agree the the shifting of the gears when breaking can be a little jerky- I may just need to get used to it. ", 'favorite': 'Looks, drive, and size. '}, {'date': '08/27/2009', 'text': "I traded in my 2004 VW Touareg V8 with 125,000 miles. I love this new car. It drives like a dream, a sports car feel with the high ride of an SUV. The interior is simply elegant (I got the Cinnamon brown leather and deep blue exterior), premium plus with Navigation and 19inch wheels. My closest choice was the Volvo XC60, which is also a great car, but the MMI system on the Audi is just, well, cool. The volvo's nav feels very old school and clunky. My only criticism of this car is that when the back seats fold down, there is a gap across the cargo area that a dog's feet could get caught in. Also, the MMI phone system is a dial rather than buttons and plugging in for voicemail is a pain.", 'favorite': 'Elegant interior finish, comfort, smooth ride and tight steering. MMI system is awesome and voice control is pretty accurate and intuitive.'}, {'date': '08/26/2009', 'text': 'My 2009 Prestige Q5 rides like a sport sedan. Great acceleration (especially in sport mode), and responsive steering. I was really surprised on my first all highway trip (approx 75 miles), when I averaged 29.1 mpg! The ride is a bit bumpy on side street streets. Great access to rear storage due to low entry. Seats fold easily. Bang and Olefsun sound system is awesome. The GPS leaves a lot to be desired. The "point of interest\'s" do not let you choose ANY retail stores. Good luck trying to find nearest Home Depot, Staples, Target, or supermarket- NOT HAPPENING. The restaurant search is a basic listing- can\'t choose cuisine- Italian, Japanese, etc. My $200 Garmin GPS is far superior.', 'favorite': 'Sport mode shifter, B and O sound system, Keyless entry, handling, fuel efficiency, great visibility from drivers seat, back up camera, awesome panoramic roof, large side mirrors, Blue tooth, overall body styling, rear center fold down/pass through , hill descent control, voice activated commands.'}, {'date': '08/16/2009', 'text': "This is my sixth Audi and the second SUV. Although I love the Q7, I didn't need one that big. I traded it in for the new Q5 and I have thoroughly enjoyed it. Audis are very strong and safe cars to drive; they handle the roads so well; especially in these New England winters. There is a sense of security when driving them that I have not felt with other brands.", 'favorite': 'The quattro system.'}, {'date': '07/20/2009', 'text': 'Previous car was a Subaru 08 STI 5 dr hatch. Speed, agility, utilitarian use best describes our needs. STI proved to be too low for driving on VT pot hole roads. So what was out there that would be fun to drive, quick acceleration, a great solid ride, not too fancy in appearance and interior, yet functional? My friends on facebook submitted their suggestions, this is how I came across the q5! In traffic, great visibility, amazing control maneuvering slow pokes. Quiet. An overall sense of being in your own world with its secure solid build. Great turning into parking spaces. The vehicle drives and feels small. We bought the premium model, base with some options which kept the price down. ', 'favorite': 'Visibility, no blind spots. Massive sun roof. The room! I can fit my road bike in cargo area with seats down flat. Seats are comfortable. Looks, a classy, simple well thought out design inside and out.'}, {'date': '07/20/2009', 'text': 'I bought the Q5 after driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee for the last 5 years. I loved my jeep and hated to give it up but the build quality was poor and gas mileage was terrible. I wanted a higher quality vehicle that still could function as a SUV but drove well and offered better gas mileage. The Q5 fits the bill. The Q5 has a high ground clearance and decent cargo room. It handles great and I?ve been getting 25 MPG + at 75 MPH. The cabin is quiet, the seats are comfortable and the visibility is very good. This car provides great car performance with the functionality (functions you use 99% of the time) of a SUV. This is one of the best reviewed luxury SUV?s on the market and I can see why!', 'favorite': 'The sunroof is amazing - especially sitting in the back seat! The audio is amazing with the SD and IPOD connections. Great gas mileage for an all-wheel drive vehicle. '}, {'date': '07/19/2009', 'text': 'Test drove many SUV / crossovers in this segment including X3 and RX350. Hands down Audi Q5 won. I have owned it now for three (3) weeks -and- the car is simply perfection in all aspects from comfort to performance. ', 'favorite': 'Very fact - that this is the ONLY car review I ever wrote shows that there are too many favorite features to list. Overall - a joy to own!!'}, {'date': '07/18/2009', 'text': 'Do not buy the MMI Navigation/Audio system unless you enjoy having it on every time you start the vehicle. You have two choices when starting your car. 1) The display comes on and the radio/media begins playing. OR 2) The display comes on with an Audi advertisement screen and the radio/media is off. Trying to blank the Audi advertisement screen causes the radio/media to come back on. You cannot start the car with the display and audio off. This is extremely annoying! I contacted Audi customer care. The representative verified this operation. I was told this operation is normal and they have no plans to fix it. There is no software/firmware update available to address this problem.', 'favorite': 'All wheel drive. Good ground clearance for snow.'}, {'date': '07/15/2009', 'text': "Amazing ride, quality and craftsmanship. Drove the X3 and XC60 and the q5 beats them hands down in all areas. Audi has really done a good job in engineering this car. My only complaint is that Audi should include more standard options on a premium plus. Bang and Olufsen, in my opinion should be standard on a premium plus. Heated seats are standard but currently there isn't an option for Cool/ventilated seats. They get really hot in the summer. For a 40+ thousand dollar car, one would expect more standard options. If there was a option to score on Value, i would give it a 7 or 8 simply because you can find more options for the price in Cadillacs, Lexus, Acura. ", 'favorite': 'Ride quality, MMI navigation, LED lights, interior. Fuel Economy is 22 to 23 in combined city/highway driving. '}, {'date': '07/13/2009', 'text': 'Took delivery of new Q-5 with Premium/Prestige Packages and immediately set out on 1,200 mile trip. Vehicle performed almost flawlessly. The GPS stopped functioning necessitating the rebooting of the MMI. Q-5 held the road well at speeds to 80mph. Gas mileage averaged a whopping 25mpg. Interior is well appointed. Everything about the Q-5 is solid. The B&O stereo is without equal. This is a great vehicle.', 'favorite': 'B&O Stereo, Bluetooth/phone connection and GPS screen.'}, {'date': '07/09/2009', 'text': "I really love this car. I like the handling and the acceleration. There are a ton of features for the price. The only complaints I have are the gas mileage is kind of poor, and the leather seats are kind of hard and don't really hold you in them very well. The Navigation screen would also be better in a touch screen.", 'favorite': 'Panoramic Sunroof, performance, build quality, the cool looks, and the headlights (neat looking LED lights on the top).'}, {'date': '07/05/2009', 'text': "This is my first Audi and my first cross-over vehicle and I am thoroughly impressed with this car. Looked at a lot of different cars and nothing seemed to have everything I wanted until I drove the Audi. Very good power for a V6, handles well and has a very smooth ride. Great interior, good cargo space and the sunroof is fantastic. I've owned 2 Acuras, a 325 and 525 BMW and a Mercedes (which I'll never buy again), and this car meets and/or exceeds those. Better value for the $$ than the comparable X3 or X5 or Lexus or Mercedes. Better features than the Acura RDX. Really happy with the purchase and I highly recommend the Q5 for anyone looking in this class of cars.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '07/04/2009', 'text': 'I just bought 2 days ago. Engine is smooth on acceleration. A family of 4 can comfortably seat. I am having a blast. I love it.', 'favorite': 'ipod interface and sd card slot for music.'}, {'date': '07/02/2009', 'text': 'With Audi drive select you can change its driving properties quite nicely. With the ADS and the S Line tires and wheels (Michelin Latitude Sport). It will stick with the best of them. Comfort setting for potholes works well. Prestige package is worth it. Pricey, but a very nice ride!', 'favorite': 'Handling, styling, interior style and design, the advanced technology, utility permutations. Ability to leap small snowbanks with a single bound.'}, {'date': '06/30/2009', 'text': "Okay, this is my first review on a car. I have previously owned 3 Lexus, BMW, Acura, and Toyota's. This is my first Audi, had test drove the A4 when buying Acura and was not impressed, so almost did not even look at the Q5. Glad I did, this IS THE BEST CAR I HAVE EVER OWNED. Upside, engine is great, street from my house is a hill and a turn against oncoming traffic, the car provides the extra torque in the rear wheel for complete control, ALL other cars has issue with this even BMW 535i also 2009. Interior is extremely nice - I have nearly all the options so car price tag is $50k, which is appears overpriced at first, but when comparing quality interior and options is right on the money.", 'favorite': 'Engine, Drive, and the NAV which is a small screen and I thought I would hate, is THE BEST NAV I have seen (compared to Lexus, BMW, Acura and Toyota), love the heat/cool cup holder.'}, {'date': '06/20/2009', 'text': 'Car has a serious issue with the gearbox. In start/stop traffic, the gear is either too low or too high. Unable to shift correctly. Jerky harsh ride in town driving. Fuel economy is much poorer than the stated.', 'favorite': 'Styling.'}, {'date': '06/20/2009', 'text': "The lease for my MB ML320 ended so I did some shopping around. I've tried Acura RDX and MDX and I had serious concern on passenger safety and lack of visibility. The same experience I had with Infiniti. MB GLK is really repulsive in design and BMW is still in the works to replace the outdated X3. Q5 was the best choice that I could have made. The design is outstanding, craftsmanship on the same level. Nice gadgets and the rooftop made my life so easy in convincing my wife: a 10 out of 10.", 'favorite': 'Side mirrors, transmission, roof, LED lights, interior and exterior design.'}, {'date': '06/09/2009', 'text': "This car is such a big upgrade from our 2006 X3 (which we loved), I can only begin to describe it. Comfortable, huge acceleration, great steering, excellent visibility. Perfect car for our little family driving around the city. Plenty of room for car seats, strollers, groceries, etc. and looks good enough to bring out for a night on the town. Little nits: side mirrors are too big, auto-dimming rear view mirror dims too often, and brakes are a tad squishy for my taste. But, I love driving this car. Best car we've owned. By far. Including my BMW 328 (blasphemy!). Compared the Volvo XC60, Mazda CX-9, BMW X5, Acura MDX, Lexus RX350: this was a no brainer. ", 'favorite': 'We love the MMI system, auto rear gate, LED headlights, and overall design. '}, {'date': '06/06/2009', 'text': 'Excellent all-around luxury SUV. Traded in our 2004 Volvo XC 90 (transmission problems). Looked at the Volvo XC60 and Lexus RX 350 among several others. After the dealer let us take the demo for a weekend we were sold. The ride is far more superior and has many luxury features in a very attractive package, inside and out. This car is just plain fun to drive and exudes quality. We are getting about 21 mpg overall (majority city driving).', 'favorite': 'Side assist works beautifully. MMI navigation system is the best on the market and really separated this car from the XC 60. Bang and Olufsen sound system is excellent. Panoramic sun roof is also fantastic. Like the temperature controlled cup holder and keyless entry/start.'}, {'date': '06/02/2009', 'text': "Owned 2 Mercedes and it was time for a change. We looked at everything in this segment. The choice was easy, the Q5 won the battle hands down. Only had the car a couple days and love it. Got the premium plus package in meteor gray pearl. This car is completely amazing. This SUV drives like a car and sticks to the road better than the CLK we just turned in. If you are looking for a small SUV look no further, you won't be disappointed.", 'favorite': 'Led lighting, interior refinement, not your average run of the mill looks, handling, power. The whole package.'}, {'date': '05/29/2009', 'text': "Premium Plus w/nav in Ibis White I had never really considered an Audi until I drove the Q5. It clearly is a well-thought out vehicle and very much fun to drive. Regular Drive mode leaves a little to be desired in first and second but Sport mode (and Triptronic) is where the fun is...0-60 in FAST! MMI is solid, cargo space may not be as large as some others but that was not a factor for me (don't have 22 kids and 3 dogs to shuttle around), gas mileage seems to be above listed, visibility is very good, steering responsive but not overly sensitive, braking is predictable, road noise is low even on 19s, and the most important factor is that it feels like a sedan and drives like one.", 'favorite': "Exterior styling, interior fit and finish, LED DRL, panoramic sunroof, sport mode (quite responsive), Audi Care, power tailgate, doesn't look like an soccer-moms Lexus RX, feels like a sedan in every aspect."}, {'date': '05/23/2009', 'text': 'I\'ve had more fun driving this car than any car I have owned and I\'ve had several sports cars. Put the transmission in "S" and punch it and it throws you back in the seat. We test drove the Volvo, Lexus, and MDX. This car was far superior! It was the only one that said, "Buy me"! Everything about it screams quality and luxury. We have been averaging about 19 mpg. I\'m sure it would be higher if I could keep my foot out of it! It\'s just a super fun car to drive! We have the Prestige model--- definitely worth the upgrade!', 'favorite': 'MMI, handling, power, Bang & Olufsen sound system, panoramic sun roof'}, {'date': '05/20/2009', 'text': 'I LOVE my new Audi Q5. Traded in a LandRover which was a major expensive headache. I have made a great choice... what a head turner. I strongly recommend the Q5 it is wonderful all the way around! I am so pleased with my vehicle!!!!', 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '05/20/2009', 'text': 'Just bought a Q5 Premium Plus with Navigation. Had to pay MSRP because the car is so popular right now - actually had to wait for almost 1 month to get the color I want. But Audi is now offering 2.9%, 36 months financing and will make my 1st 2 payments, so net net it is like 0% financing + $500 discount. The car is perfect for my wife. The handling is great and the interior is far superior than the X3 or the GLK. Love the LED lights and the huge side mirrors. My only complaint is the relatively small interior space, especially when compared to RX350. Otherwise, it was perfect. ', 'favorite': 'Style, LED lights, MMI'}, {'date': '05/19/2009', 'text': 'My brother needed a new vehicle for work. He asked me for help. We researched and test drove all the competition. The Q5 was the clear winner. My local dealership had a hail storm and he was able to get his Q5 repaired and looking new for $8000 off the selling price (not MSRP). At such a deal I bought one also. His is black with tan interior and mine is white with tan interior. We both got the premium plus, but he also got the MMI package. No need for bigger rims or S- line for us. In two weeks he put 1500 miles on his Q5 and could not be happier.', 'favorite': 'Panoramic sun roof, comfort, style and performance. I had a Isuzu Vehicross before and with the Q5 I still get the fun factor, but with refinement.'}, {'date': '05/16/2009', 'text': 'Compared this car with other models and brands. Clearly ahead of the competition. Styling, interior room, sporty handling and more than enough power. Fuel economy as advertised. Loaded with technology. Was about to purchase an X5. After driving the Q5 and comparing space, feel and price, the Q won hands down. Great car!', 'favorite': 'Acceleration and feel when engaging the sport drive transmission. Turning ability, look and feel of the dashboard, 3D display graphics, one touch controls.'}, {'date': '05/15/2009', 'text': 'We bought this car in April of 09 for my wife and I am ready to take it from her! The car is super fun to drive and especially so in the Sport mode. Has more get up and go than I ever expected. The transmission in the regular Drive mode can be a bit sluggish, but works fine. There is plenty of room in the car, I am 6 foot tall and the person behind me still has an adequate amount of room. Only had the car for a month now, but I am already a big Audi fan.', 'favorite': 'The MMI is great, 10gig of space on the hard drive for music and 2 SD slots. Great integration with my iPhone 3g, music and bluetooth. The bluetooth works great too, I can hardly tell when my wife is in the car. the sun roof is great too!'}, {'date': '05/11/2009', 'text': "I've had the car two months and couldn't be more satisfied. I was regretting handing in my BMX X3 (still love that car) but the Q5 is more luxurious, more comfortable, smoother, better gas mileage, and just as fun to drive. I'm glad to see others here also getting MORE gas mileage than Audi disclosed. I am getting 23/28 vs. the Audi claim of 18/23. The better mileage + the larger fuel tank = less stops at the pump & a happy driver. The Q5 handles and drives like a state- of-the-art German sports car. Thru traffic, Manhattan streets, suburban highways and local driving, it gives a consistent and fun-tastic drive. And my passengers have no complaints either. Thanks Audi!", 'favorite': 'panoramic sunroof, rear passenger reclining seats, ipod interface is wonderful, sporty/sturdy drive'}, {'date': '05/11/2009', 'text': 'My brother needed a new ride and after test driving all competitors bought an Audi Q5 premium plus w/navigation. I followed suit and bought a Q5 premium plus and could not be happier. I am a research junkie and hands down the Q5 beat out the competition. I look forward to many happy years of driving my Q5.', 'favorite': 'Panoramic sun roof, quiet cabin, excellent fit and finish, powered tail gate, front and rear led lights, 4400 towing capacity and the audio system.'}, {'date': '05/10/2009', 'text': "Beware of the ugly gas mileage. I can only get the 18 mpg in the city on the vehicle instant mpg calculator if I am going down hill with my foot off of the accelerator. It's stupid.", 'favorite': ''}, {'date': '05/08/2009', 'text': 'I purchased my new Q5 from Audi of Oxnard. I did extensive research prior to the purchase. I wanted all wheel drive for skiing plus a place where both my surfboard and lab dog could fit. I wanted comfort, bluetooth, nav, and pretty much all goodies. The full size moon/ sun roof is a cool addition. I replaced my 06 Acura MDX where the lease just ended. The Audi is extremely comfortable, with fit and finish second to none. Smaller than the mdx, but still o.k. and with better mileage. I got 23.5 on first tank, city and highway. The center stack which controls the radio and nav takes some getting used to.', 'favorite': 'Comfort; fit and finish; looks; moon roof; nav (with 2 screens) parking sensors. Nice wood. Great transmission.'}, {'date': '05/08/2009', 'text': "Test drove BMW, MB, Lexus, Acura and Infiniti. Audi is absolutely the BEST by far. The quality, craftsmanship, fit and finish is beyond compare. Got the Meteor Gray pearl, light gray interior & Premium plus pkg. Have caused countless head turns on the road and while parked. Those LED daytime running lights really get everyone's attention. Precise handling; Superb ride.", 'favorite': 'Fit & finish; LED DRLs; MMI; Ipod interface'}, {'date': '05/03/2009', 'text': "We've driven the Q5 (with Premium Plus) for a month and we absolutely love it. It's small enough for urban driving/parking, but is roomier and built more intelligently than the X3 that it replaced. Smooth, linear acceleration, balanced steering, and grips the road like a sports car. Our favorite drives are over the twisty canyon roads. MPG is around 17 so far (vs. avg. of 13 with the X3), which is better than expected considering almost 100% city driving. My only complaints are that the brakes are a bit squishy and the side view mirrors are huge. This is great for side visibility, but limits front visibility a bit when making turns, for example. I think we'll get used to it.", 'favorite': 'Handling, power, MMI, passenger space, cargo space (movable 2nd row seats are simply awesome), power liftgate, LED lights, Audi ergonomics.'}, {'date': '05/01/2009', 'text': "I have had 2 Mercedes (Ml320 and E320) and my Q5 is much better in everything, I traded in a 08 MDX that I bought because Honda and Acura reputation, but I had to take the MDX 3 times to dealership to fix A/c and I recently discovered a noise on the transmission, so I decided - That's it!! and bought the Q5. I could not be happier with it.", 'favorite': 'Great pick up, stereo, inside finish, great design, smooth ride, great pick up etc., etc., etc.'}, {'date': '04/25/2009', 'text': 'I just bought the q5 with the premium plus pkg, and it\'s FANTASTIC! The gas mileage is better than advertised. The LED lights are awesome! It handles just like a vehicle, but with the stamina of an SUV. I am 5"4 and this car doesn\'t feel \'too large\'. The interior is classy, and goes above and beyond all of the competition. I have been looking for a year for an SUV (MB, BMW, Lexus), and nothing comes close to the genius Audi put together with the Q5. I leased this vehicle, but after driving it for 2 weeks, I am quite certain I\'ll end up purchasing it @ lease end. If you haven\'t driven the Q5, add it to the top of your list, this is one vehicle that is a must drive! ', 'favorite': 'LED lights, panoramic sunroof, Ipod display screen, self-closing trunk, beautiful interior!! '}, {'date': '04/23/2009', 'text': 'Q5...truth in engineering equals driving fun. Sexy inside & out.Truly a head-turner! Behind the wheel is perfectly engaging. Driving one is more than an ultimate experience. Q5 is the ultimate expression of PERFECTION! Owning one is a dream come true.', 'favorite': 'MMI-awesome! Bang & Olufsen-out of this world! Panoramic sunroof-WOW! Ride- indeed luxurious! Body motion- pleasantly well-controlled! Wanna think Happy Thoughts--think Q5!!!:)'}, {'date': '04/10/2009', 'text': 'Been looking for about a year on a crossover that my wife & I would like. The Q5 has a very nice exterior look to it. The interior is comfortable for a person that 6\'5". The Q5 has more than enough get up & go to it. Gas mileages is not bad (19 mpg). Traded in a XC90 Volvo. ', 'favorite': 'Moonroof, Wheels, Led headlights & tail lights '}, {'date': '04/08/2009', 'text': "After trading in my 06 Jeep Grand Cherokee for a 09 Q5 Prestige, I can honestly say i would never buy an American car again. The Q5 is far better than the Jeep in every way, especially in the snow. We test drove this car during a snow storm and wow, the quattro is amazing. It would not let us fishtail or slide at all, and it just kept us going in a straight line. Aside from that, the MMI is pretty easy to use, the Bang & Olufsen sounds great and the panoramic sunroof is amazing, the whole roof is pretty much glass. Last but not least, the LED's both front and rear look incredible. They were one of the main reasons I bought this car.", 'favorite': "Front LED's and Rear LED's, the Quattro, the panoramic sunroof, the interior, the keyless go...the list goes on and on."}, {'date': '04/02/2009', 'text': "Traded in my Infiniti M35X. Have always been a fan of Japanese car quality but decided to try a German car. The school commercial captivated my attention as I was considering an Lexus RX350. The commercial helped me to realize that I should try something not so main stream as there are a lot of Lexus RXs out there. One test was all it took to blow me away. The Q5 drives and feels like a sport sedan as handling and acceleration are excellent. The build quality is phenomenal. Seats are extremely comfortable. The gas mileage has been higher than advertised as I am getting just over 27 mpg on the highway (at 65-70 avg speed) vs sticker which claims 23. You can't get a much better car.", 'favorite': 'Bang and Olefson Stereo (absolutely worth the upgrade), Latest generation MMI system is useful and intuitive, Panoramic sunroof, quattro six speed transmission, quality and finish of interior, LED daytime running lights and tailights, utra smooth 3.2 liter engine, exhaust sound, steering feel'}, {'date': '04/01/2009', 'text': 'I just recently purchased the car. As an understatement, it is absolutely perfect. Excellent engine response and handling. The navigation system and audio commands are superior. I drove several competitors, i.e., Lexus X350, MB M500, Infiniti X35, and the Q5 is by far the best of the lot. If one is looking for a high performance Crossover vehicle, I HIGHLY recommend the Audi Q5.', 'favorite': '*Navigation System *Voice command *Bang & Olufsen Stereo System *270 HP/V-6'}, {'date': '03/30/2009', 'text': 'Traded our Acura TSX for an Audi Q5 and could not be happier with the choice. The Audi Q5 does not handle like your normal SUV and it gives us better mileage so far in the City and on Highway driving with way more storage room than the Acura TSX and ability to haul more stuff. I would certainly recommend this car to anyone looking for a smaller SUV, a lot of fun, power and style.', 'favorite': 'Panorama Sun roof, bluetooth, ipod connectivity.'}, {'date': '03/25/2009', 'text': 'This isn?t going to be your typical car review. This one is taking on a new twist, it?s from the front passengers viewpoint. MS took driving away from me 19 years ago, but I?m still more than able to be the judge of a vehicles stature and quality. Back in 2001 I purchased an Audi Allroad. It was an exceptional car, and always a ?head-turner?. We recently traded it in on a 2009 Q5, and so far we have no regrets. The quality, detail and build is typical Audi?"First-Class". Front seaters well over 6 ft in height have plenty of leg/headroom to spare. The 270hp V6 has enough punch to easily set you back in your seat. The shifting is very smooth and so is the ride. The Q5 also turns heads.', 'favorite': 'Love that QUATTRO, it just loves curves, rain and snow. The MMI/Nav system is excellent and easily accessible. The LED running lights are a real nice touch. They help make the Q5 stand out from all other midsize suvs that you see on the road.'}, {'date': '03/15/2009', 'text': "My wife and I just purchased the Q5. It was quite a trade up from a Toyota Corolla. The interior styling is far superior to its Mercedes and BMW competitors. All three trims are great, and the Prestige is amazing. All three trims have the same engine - which has all the power we'd ever need. It has all the bells and whistles. ", 'favorite': 'Panoramic Moonroof, Bang and Olufsen sound system. Simple, yet versatile steering controls.'}, {'date': '03/11/2009', 'text': "My wife and I traded our S5 in on the Q5 and honestly the quality and build is the same. We've owned the Acura RDX and Toyota's Higlander in the past this vehicle is by far superior. We have owned BMW's before and looked at the X3 we are glad we waited. This vehicle gives us some of the performance we enjoyed in the S5 without all of the attention we got in the S5,we get some but not as much.It also gives us the comfort of the S5 with greater cargo space. You forget you're riding in a SUV. We've only had it a couple of weeks, we'll stick with Audi.I miss the B&O :( .", 'favorite': "The MPG in the city 23-26 Yes! On the highway 29.6 at 70 MPH and 30.5 at 65 MPH Yes! The third generation MMI/Nav is excellent and the handling. It's got to get better its not even broken in."}]
