Displaying 16 of 16 matches:
 the a6 and am very pleased . performance is more than i expected and the quality of the car 's interior is impressive . the car is very quite and seems well built . handling is great as is the fuel m
l mileage.bose sound systemfrom the outside to the inside , the a6 has beautiful features . the interior is plush and comfortable . the seat positions take you from a sports car feel to an executive l
e activation . took a few days to master , but once understood , the mmi is easy to operate.the interior features are excellent . the best time to drive the car is at night when all the dash lights ar
ht when all the dash lights are on . voice activation is great.love the exterior classy lines , interior is beautiful . the bose sound system and ipod integration is fantastic . however the jury is st
finity m35.quattro , mmi , great ipod interface , 2 screen nav system , exterior and especially interior styling and finish , really quiet and smooth on highway , mpg is excellent with v6 , lane assis
ess , intuitive controls . look ( brilliant black with amaretto brown ) , stereo sound , s-line interior upgrade . nice car , however audi still has `` annoying '' small improvements , not big enough 
 rl , m35x , etc ) . drove them all but felt that the a6 was the best overall package - drive , interior and exterior styling , options/ capabilities , etc ) - and importantly at the most attractive p
d ) and spent a lot of time in mb ( e ) and lexus ( gs ) . like my a6 better than any of them . interior and exterior styling , safe feeling of driveoverall the a6 is an excellent car . i have had it 
 the poor handling . i am very dissapointed i wish i would have gone with the bmwsolid feel and interior . quality craftmanship.amazing vehicle . smooth ride , plenty of power . great easy to use feat
raftmanship.amazing vehicle . smooth ride , plenty of power . great easy to use features on the interior . fantastic ! love the mmi . so well thought out and easy to operate.the 2008 a6 replaced my 20
with the 2008. the build quality is outstanding - equal or better than my wife 's mb e320 . the interior is beautiful , a great blend of class and high tech . the car is very fun to drive , tight in t
think i made the right choice . i do n't like the idea that underneath it 's a passat , but the interior styling is unmatched and look nothing alike . the quattro system works beautifully in all condi
em makes sure of that . every mechanical component works in total harmony with each other . the interior appointments must be an envy of every other automaker . from the incredible ergonomics to the i
e use of every accessory make this car stand out from the crowd . mmi , heated steering wheel , interior lighting , keyless entry & start , navigation system , rear electric sunshade are among my favo
hat the quattro system in the audi is by far the best i have ever driven for all year driving . interior fit and finish and the intuitive design/layout make it something that i have n't had to this ex
car all around.mmi , comfortable seats , all year drivability with the amazing quattro system , interior fit and finish.with this car i am fully in control and it grabs the ground like an ice pick to 
None
