Displaying 15 of 15 matches:
more a month so it 's not a bad deal.adaptive headlights , magnetic ride , and dsg . exterior & interior styling and attention to details are good too.got this 3.2 coupe used and am loving it ! handle
ion , dual clutch , fit and finish . perfect in every way . love the headlights , tail lights , interior , exterior , and 10 spoke bicolor rims that stand out.magnetic ride , engine growl , everything
moothness of the s-tronic , which hesitated quite a bit in the last two cars i had . the larger interior is just enough to make friends say it no longer feels cramped . design , interior , engine , qu
 . the larger interior is just enough to make friends say it no longer feels cramped . design , interior , engine , quattro , s-tronic , automatic spoiler . it hugs the road and corners like a panther
e allows easy parking everywhere . gas mileage is acceptable , not as good as the 2.0 version . interior is outstanding ( enhanced leather interior ) , the rear seats work well with my 2 children ( ag
age is acceptable , not as good as the 2.0 version . interior is outstanding ( enhanced leather interior ) , the rear seats work well with my 2 children ( ages 9 and 6 ) for short rides . the suspensi
a few hundred miles , but it is easy to see and feel the differences . it is a better appointed interior , and the dsg has become very smooth in its delivery . the gusty exhaust note is what i listen 
 never disappointed me . handles in snow and ice without any difficulties or worries . love the interior and exterior styling ! great to have a sports car that can be driven all year round in any weat
i have owned and i am impressed . it 's quick , nimble , but comfortable and accomodating . the interior looks and feels so much better than the mercedes and bmw we test drove ( forego the standard al
ultra-sensual looks with the top down . brilliant engine/transmission combo ( 2.0t with dsg ) . interior design and build that other luxury manufacturers should emulate . fairly quiet ride for a ragto
ut suspension.just got the 08 tt roadster convertible sahara silver with baseball glove leather interior , and mag ride . i am amazed at how fun the car is to drive , being my first convertible , firs
eering is very comfortable , fuel economy is great even if you like to accelerate quickly . the interior is composed of high quality materials and a soothing variety of textures and finishes . the con
e even close to the 2008 tt roadster . everything about this car is flawless ! the exterior and interior design , plenty of room for me at 6'3 '' , great fuel economy , fun to drive ( especially in ``
e top-notch leather bucket seats ; the precision of the racing steering wheel ; the top quality interior ; the ultra fast gear shifting and lack of turbo lag.i drove this car today at work and i have 
d ride for a sports car with performance tires . the exterior design is exceptional . plenty of interior room for me , being 6'1 '' the satellite radio standard , ipod jack , safety features and much 
None
