Displaying 67 of 67 matches:
ry touchy when accelerating from a stop , it 's jerky and hard to achieve a smooth getaway . the brakes are excellent . overall , i 'm very pleased with the interior quality and look of the a3 . i dro
s been very reliable . there are none of the squeaks or rattles identified in other reviews . it brakes confidently . steering is wonderful and acceleration makes it plenty quick without being stupid 
 feature . sky roof gives a cool vibe and lots of fresh air . love it . great motor , steering , brakes . you know , the stuff that counts . impeccable audi style inside and out.this is a great , vers
pt fm transmitter , which is not good in saturated fm market.transmission , suspension , turbo , brakes , visibility , steering wheel controls , gas mileage . acceleration at all speeds . looks inside
bo lag is absent . dsg needs to be revised so that it holds the gear at redline in manual mode . brakes are intially soft which dose n't inspire much confidence . however , the car is extremely well b
audio system . bought my first pre-owned audi after owning lexus is-looking for better mileage . brakes squeak at low speeds - had them cleaned to remove carbon build- up but week later same problem .
ery pleased with my car . it 's a classy car.i love the interior . it 's really first rate . the brakes are tops . this is my 8th leased audi . love the brand . the 3.2 cab is a great car to drive . i
imum . handling is much better than the old cabs . it seems stiffer and the turn-in is quicker . brakes are awesome and inspire confidence . got it in alpaka beige , cream interior and tan room . it '
fast with the sport mode trans and so easy to drive while maintaining complete control . awesome brakes too . sweet sound system and cool lighting while driving at night . i like the sportstronic tran
nk about passing and the next thing i know i 'm past in absolute silence and total control . the brakes are amazing , but rather touchy and take some getting used to . i average 27 mpg and 32 on the h
; stability , handling , smoothness and quiet at all speeds ; mileage and gas tank size ; strong brakes with brake assist ; comfort ; reliability ; interior and exterior styling - so - just about ever
lly made , mmi is easy to use in spite of what some say . when i took delivery of my car and the brakes were very loud the salesman told me this was just a temporary problem and would go away-it has o
has only been worse . srevice dept reply-brakes squeak . my 4 other vehicles do not have squeaky brakes . the worst problem however is the delayed acceleration at slow speeds . i will not let other fa
r to the a8 . the car is awesome . the nav is easier to use than bmw . decent mpg for a v8 . the brakes could be a more responsive . apparently they did n't make too many of the v8 a6s - usually are o
d security when you are behind the wheel , reliability.i just spent almost $ 2000 to replace the brakes & rotors and the tires on my audi q7 , which is only two years old and has only 18,000 miles on 
replacements at 18k . i 'm a middle aged housewife -- not a teenage speed racer who slams on the brakes ; i 'm more like driving miss daisy . after reading many reviews , i have found out that many ot
w mechanism broken on both front windows -molding coming off -headlights fogged from inside -bad brakes . be aware ... the blue-book price has drastically decreased fifty percent . overall , don ? t b
gful price-incentive at purchase , discount ca n't make up for poor quality and ongoing issues . brakes and tires needed replacing at ~25k mi in response to which dealer congratulated me for outlastin
y were pathetic in snow/ice - seems insane for an awd suv ) but had to stick with same ( lousy ) brakes due to some proprietary sensors ( anyone test this theory ? ) . sunroof rattles , steering wheel
ighway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( with new tires ) very nice looking car but brakes have been squealing since the day i bought it . resurfaced twice . at 15k service told me i need
een squealing since the day i bought it . resurfaced twice . at 15k service told me i needed new brakes at the cost of $ 2k . said they changed the warranty on brakes to 12k miles and i see why now . 
 15k service told me i needed new brakes at the cost of $ 2k . said they changed the warranty on brakes to 12k miles and i see why now . neither audi nor dealership were helpful just basically said ``
 said `` sorry '' . from what i understand there have been many brake problems in this vehicle . brakes still squeal . terrible customer service from audi headquarters and dealership and obviously do 
disappointed in the reliability and quality of the q7 . i have only 28,000 miles on this car and brakes are already going . the tires also need to be replaced . i have never owned a vehicle where the 
 are already going . the tires also need to be replaced . i have never owned a vehicle where the brakes and tires went bad at such low mileage . the engine sounds like it is struggling all of the time
ts about 14/gal ) . great handling on snow/ice in the mountains of colorado . had to replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at the tune of $ 1200 . dealer said this was a common problem on this car 
eplaced for $ 1200 . then at 28000 miles the brake warning light came on , $ 1700 to replace the brakes and rotors . there was a leak in the sunroof and mold started to grow on the drivers side carpet
re you kidding me ? i paid $ 65,000 to drive a grand prix ? needed new tires already , squeeking brakes , nav , mmi , heated steering wheel , rear camera , keyless start upbought the top of the line m
ht the top of the line model fully loaded and a year later it has proven to be a piece of junk ! brakes squealing since 5k and audi is telling us `` it is normal and acceptable - just due to the desig
 exit seat , miss both of those . overall well satisfied.mmi system , full sunroof , bluetooth , brakes , quietness . side assist , backup camera.great build quality , this is a really solid vehicle f
 firm suspension is just right ; transmission is a dream - you forget you have gears ; excellent brakes - no unreasonable nose dive under hard braking . comfort : panoramic sunroof ; bose audio ; floo
eally works - i felt very safe descending a steep , winding , icy road without having to use the brakes . while the purchase price is high , i feel it is worth it . i actually look for reasons to driv
 test drive i fell in love with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best suvs i have ever driven . during 
ehicle handles more like a sports car but on a much larger scale . it will get up and go and the brakes will bring you down in a hurry not to mention a super smooth ride . adaptive air suspension real
es like a sports car , or at least better than my previous infiniti fx , and the fx is smaller . brakes are powerful . luxury features are everywhere . engine sounds sweet and it 's powerful . mmi sys
gh the rear seats are tight , there fine for my 3 younger children . great performace , engine , brakes , handling , does all very well . i like the 08 m3 coupe , but it only seats 4 , and the 08 m3 s
 fast , but why not have it anyway.the 's ' button or the spaz button , the acceleration and the brakes are my favorites . acceleration is sweet but if you ca n't stop on a dime , you 're going to be 
ect . on the track the drc with the 400 lb spring rates is inadequate ( esses @ infineon ) . the brakes are not meant for track use and the pad wear will be a problem . replacement pads and rotors are
 its heavier , i could n't bring myself to give up the all wheel drive . try it and see.engine , brakes ( flawless ) , sport button , build quality and interior , lateral stability is dynamite.do n't 
 . i strongly suggest the car to any modified s4 owner , they wo n't want to go back to turbos . brakes are stupid strong , almost mashed my stuff the 1st day on accident . the car get looks everywher
d handling.after multiple m3s and porsches this car 's performance and construction astound me . brakes = surreal . i feel like i just begin to think about stopping and i am there , all without any co
handling , quattro , ami interface for ipod , interior second to none with alcantara headliner , brakes , mmi , trunk , wheels.i have owned and driven all cars from s500 to porsche to bmw to maserati 
t year was great ; lot 's of fun to drive , average 32.5 mpg overall , reasonably peppy and good brakes and handling . after the 16,000 miles service and tire rotation the tire howl began . i returned
 . never drove a car so perfect.bluetooth phone/radio options , auto fold-in side view mirrors , brakes stop on a dime , head turning looks on the highway , gas mileage for this powerful a car.this is
y the noise level recedes and is forgotten . finish & performance wins raves . safety features - brakes - road stability - guages placement underscore diligent design engineering . this car gives you 
s displayed & future miles are extrapolated ; after factoring in your current speed . dirty disc brakes ? hit the windshiled washer - it also washes your discs - plus your headlight covers . locking g
s to go and the 6spd lets you maneuver when you need to . quiet , no rattles or squeaks ( incl . brakes ) as i 've seen others report.i just picked up my new audi a4 quattro 2.0t and ca n't get over t
 you this car with stock tires never fails me while traveling through the pocono mtns in pa. the brakes are undescribable . the car stops on a dime . excellent car ! navigation , brakes , cruise contr
tns in pa. the brakes are undescribable . the car stops on a dime . excellent car ! navigation , brakes , cruise contro , l fuel economy.could n't be happier with the car . considered the normal peers
 days and they have no estimate as to when they will return it . this car has been a nightmare . brakes started screeching at 2000 miles and in the 2.5 years that i have owned this car , it has been a
 . the q7 s-line is a cool looking suv , if the cool design does not turn heads , the screeching brakes will ! i 've had this vehicle now for about 9 months and completely love it . mine has most of t
xpected this though when i bought it , so no surprises there . a few minor issues with squealing brakes and the like have been promptly handled by audi care and all-in-all i am very happy with my q7.k
escalade , 4 runner , montero , and i do n't regret or miss anything from those vehicles.power , brakes , head turner , after driving a bulky expedition for 5 years , i really wanted a car . but with 
. i rented a 07 3.6 for two weeks in march . the ride is much smoother , handling not as stiff , brakes not as touchy compared to the 07 i rented . the standard front sensors and rear parking camera a
e handling and acceleration are incredible , taking hard s turns in the q7 is a lot of fun . the brakes are n't as sensitive as the 07 's . the 20 inch wheels are also standard . the ride with these a
out . i 'll be keeping this one for a long time to come . engine , acceleration , exhaust note , brakes , exterior appearance.this is one of the best cars out there , better than a bmw m3 or m5 , bett
ening on cold shifts . the acceleration is rather flaccid because of the low torque output . the brakes are mediocre and really upset the balance of the car on hard braking . the engine note is horrib
ust about anything with an extensive amount of trunk space.performance , ride handling/control , brakes , quattro , interior luxury , and not too in your face . only car enthusiasts will recognize it 
ice and not as hot as leather in the summer and not as cold in the winter . seats heat quickly . brakes are good.my previous cars were a 2005 lotus elise and a 2000 boxster s before that . i need a 4 
 smooth . test drove the 2.0s not going to pay this much for a car that vibrates 3.2 is for me . brakes are awesome . keep your eye on the rear view in a panic stop . tiptronic is fun . quirks ... the
ell , though it 's not quite as responsive as well as my 2006 bmw 5 series . steering is tight , brakes are just a bit grabby , and power is strong . the awd is the best , especially in heavy , slushy
y every time i drive it , even if its around the corner . someone mentioned that it might be the brakes . i swapped a tundra pickup for this wagon and love the car . best combination of size , perform
enty of leg room all around and the layout is excellent . the engine has plenty of power and the brakes are amazing . the ride is a little stiff with the sport package and 18 '' low-profile summer tir
five snow storms since i bought the car in november and have had no problem getting around . the brakes are first rate.i just got the a4 awd 2.0t at white w/ black interior premium plus with the custo
though . save money + stay with base engine- turbo is great ! engine , transmission , steering , brakes are all great . stereo is awesome- car looks great ( white/black ) and new headlights work and l
wn . little nits : side mirrors are too big , auto-dimming rear view mirror dims too often , and brakes are a tad squishy for my taste . but , i love driving this car . best car we 've owned . by far 
 is better than expected considering almost 100 % city driving . my only complaints are that the brakes are a bit squishy and the side view mirrors are huge . this is great for side visibility , but l
None
