Displaying 100 of 189 matches:
stock are terrible ! i had to replace the fronts under 20000 and the rear 25000. now i am having engine problems with the transmission . recommendation : do n't purchase this vehicle ! also very noisy
ely 6000 miles on it . i like the feel of the car - very nicely done - and the pick up , but the engine noise is a bit loud . the manual says to shift earlier - right . i am a bit disappointed about h
king for a hatchback . the only problem i have had was a bad sensor in the fuel tank set off the engine light , but it was fixed.steering wheel dials for radio ; armrest in backseat ; dual sun roof an
 i wanted the more premium features of the audi , and i prefer its exterior design.auto trans. , engine , interior , features , build and fit quality , safety features , exterior size , what a huge gl
, looking small on the outside but airy and roomy inside and appearing underpowered by a 2 liter engine but providing more get up and go than many larger engines . in addition , it 's beautifully asse
structed when front armrest is down . open sky system , 6-speed manual shifts excellently , 2.0t engine runs great , not too much electronic garbage , good gas mileage , great cargo room , good handli
y solid and you can tell the difference between awd the fwd in cornering . better ( subjective ) engine tone than 2.0t . interior build quality and materials are incredible and comfortable on long dri
h ago . it is an ok car overall but very poor quality . so far , i 've replaced radiator , check engine light went on twice , and constantly have to add more oil to the car because `` low oil '' light
t and finish tipped the scales . this car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic . engine has great power , and the car handles like a dream . the traction control was put to the test du
rough with flying colors . i would n't hesitate to buy another . interior fit and finish , turbo engine , handling.my daily commute is 152 miles a day . its a little noisy on some roadways . overall i
 need winter snows if really interested . quattro would be nice with the 2.0t . saw the `` check engine light '' after a severe temp swing but several key starts apparently reset it before the dealer 
is car , it just puts a huge smile on my face everytime i take a turn or press the accelerator . engine , dsg , looks , hatch . great , great car.tired of the stiff ride in my crossfire , i needed a b
s function with fun . i 've had my a3 for about a month and could n't be more happy . the 200 hp engine and dsg live up too the hype , and man , does it fly . the interior is spacious , comfortable , 
 has this problem . if you are changing your oil every 1500-2000 miles contact audi usa for your engine replacement.the front grill is very stylish and gives the front end such an aggressive appearanc
 i just got the car about 5 months ago . it 's been great and everything , it drives great . the engine is kind of noisy ... the muffler tips get black quickly no clue why.. mine is automatic . it 's 
rt , awd and ipod connection in glove box ( $ 250 install ) .several issues with the vehicle 1 ) engine noise - the car sounds like a diesel . not quiet it will bother you . dealer says that is the in
to be burned every 1200 miles - all i can say is wow . this is a serious problem that will cause engine failure in the future 3 ) the hid lights vibrate . taken in on several occasions there is an nts
 *cough*bmw* . the interior is likewise sleek without the bmw austerity or lexus frou-frou . the engine just purrs , and no matter what your speed , the 3.2 has plenty of power in reserve . the gps is
ummer.it 's unbeatable awd that audi pioneered . the rest just follow . audi never follows.great engine , handling , and transmission . unfortunately , the suspension is so hard it transmits every bum
 year / 24 months with nearly nothing down . it is fun to drive . it 's fairly fast for the base engine . the mileage is good , but varies alot between city and highway.handling/cornering . driving is
digital climate control , and of course the fact that it is a convertible . and the sound of the engine ! transmission is very smooth , but can be sporty as well.i recently bought the a4 2.0t cvt ; pr
top and have fun . the only thing that my old car has the advantage over the new one is a silent engine noise , i believe it because of the turbo . i like more silent powerful engines , but otherwise 
vws before this and so far i 'm in love with the a4 . i miss the power off the line from the vr6 engine in the vw 's i drove , but this is my first turbo and part of it is a personal adjustment . woul
ade inside and out at such a great valuecould n't help but notice the earlier review about a new engine failure . i brought my 2007 3.2 cabriolet in for it 's 5000 mile service , and when a new engine
engine failure . i brought my 2007 3.2 cabriolet in for it 's 5000 mile service , and when a new engine noise appeared immediately thereafter on the passenger side , audi replaced the engine , seeming
hen a new engine noise appeared immediately thereafter on the passenger side , audi replaced the engine , seemingly knowing what the problem was right away . one of the cylinders had an obvious machin
ieve in the car you trust it in the most severe time , and it does n't let you down . 4 cylinder engine , great on gas especially now that will hit $ 4 a gallon , and does not compromise power . 200 h
ugh . the interior , as always , high quality.quattro . german . high quality . state of the art engine . stylish . does not need to be `` hooked-up '' , it is already.this is a great car , but it doe
it much for a manual transmission being carefully driven . now the fun part , at 4,953 the check engine light came on and as i soon found out , the oxygen sensor was broken . this would have to be the
rius radio and enjoy every minute in this fun to drive rocket . as many have mentioned , the 3.2 engine has serious pull and the suspension keeps the car hugging the curves . the seamless bluetooth te
is just another added creature comfort , so is the mp3 compatibility . love this car ! excellent engine , tight handling , paddle shifters , s-line styling , navigation , sirius satelite radio , mp3 ,
ehicle . joyful drive and having 10 speakers were very attractive to me . after 4500 miles , the engine on my a4 developed a knock on the passenger side . audi has replaced the air pump , ecu , and is
 will not do heavy duty driving or commuting . for general driving , the fwd is more than fine . engine is great with 2.0t -- peppy and efficient at same time . brother-in-law owns '05 1.8t sedan - dr
g situations . i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship ! that beautiful 6-banger engine ! also , a great sound system ( standard equip . ) , german handling , and exterior styling that
the overall muscular look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . interior controls are well laid out and the dua
ll displays and 18.5 gallon gas tank ! my new 2007 a4 already been the shop 3 times . need a new engine @ 2200 miles . very unreliable machine . very unhappy customer . would not buy audi again . idle
an made car the a4 is a great car for less money . comfortable seats and driving position , good engine power for a 4 cylinder , good number of easy modifications on the market ( chip , suspension ) g
is is my first sedan . i never thought i 'd get one , but i truly like my audi . going from a v6 engine has been my only real adjustment . the lag still bothers me a bit , but once you pick up speed ,
outh grille . you get used to that fairly quickly . i highly recommend the 3.2.the sweet , sweet engine is my favorite feature . it makes the most beautiful sounds , especially with the top down . the
 give a complete review . i was pleasantly surprised at the power and response from such a small engine . i find myself wondering why everyone else is driving so slow on the highway . at slower speeds
trunk depth.second a4 i 've owned and it keeps getting better and better . love the design , the engine , the interior . still notice the turbo lag but not as pronounced as my 05 a4 1.8l . the car wil
car will get up and move when asked and is very responsive , and i love to hear the growl of the engine . until audi does something really bad to these cars i 'll always buy another audi . will always
s : headlight switch ( common in all audis ) , tensioner gasket ( huge oil leak demanding entire engine disassembly ) , instrument panel ( dead horizontal lines ) , and 2 secondary air pump failures .
ot to mention the quarterly visits to the dealer while the car was still before 30k to fix check engine light ( leaking hoses ) . this is my last german car . driving it was lots of fun but i ca n't d
 a beautifully refined vehicle and the interior along with the convertible top is a marvel . the engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy and the 6-speed auto transmission is very refined . i wi
ould be so impressive until i got an a4 sedan as a loaner during normal 5000 mile service . same engine and drive but a different driving experience . bluetooth is also great.start with the engine - 2
ame engine and drive but a different driving experience . bluetooth is also great.start with the engine - 2.0 liter mated to the 6 spd and the quattro drive ... astonishing torque and smoothness for t
 matter of taste - i love the design . interior is very quiet , comfortable , well appointed.the engine , the quattro - feel glued to the road , the mid & upper end torque , ambient interior lighting 
 because of it 's dominant superiority . with seamless traction , like a cheetah coupled with an engine that is fsi turbocharged and inter-cooled race bred in an everyday spoengine and quattrofirst ty
) is a godsend , the color ( deep blue pearl ) is beautiful , the acceleration is strong and the engine roar is sexy ( too bad i 'm still breaking it in , so nothing over 5000 rpm yet ) , and the safe
attro system is much better . i think this car is a keeper ! steering wheel , color , handling , engine power ( 200 hp feels like a lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo space ( for 
ng this car . gets great gas mileage , no turbo lag , amazing handling . quattro , 2.0 fsi turbo engine , handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles like its on rails . the new 2.0t 
 the cockpit.i leased the audi a4 2.0t cvt with premium package and i was amazed by the powerful engine , fuel economy and interior quality . it is fun to drive and a very good looking car . build qua
 . the boot is ginormous . the seats are comfy and the mmi is very intuitive . the burble of the engine , and its roar when it opens up ... mmm ! took delivery jan 28 , 07. car was delivered spiffy cl
fun to drive.attractive styling and general appearance , good handling , excellent gas mileage , engine power - excellent for a mid-size six , wood trim is beautifully made , mmi is easy to use in spi
 . my new 2007 a6 4.2 is my first german car , and i love it . i wanted a 4wd vehicle with large engine and room to fit my bike . i started looking at the bmw x5 , acura rl and mdx , and the lexus rx 
 2007 bmw 750i had the stupid i-drive and the s550 was too expensive . the a8 is brilliant . the engine , rear legroom , seats , suspension , steering , looks , quality , mmi , and more.i 've owned a 
uding lots of 4wd suvs skidded off the road , i drove right home ! i love the advanced key , new engine , backup camera , quattro , and all the clever little touches that you only realize once you liv
recent posts . we have had this car for nearly 2 years and have had no defects or problems . the engine , mmi system , tires etc have all been faultless . the car is extremely comfortable and surprisi
turns when a full stop is not required . the accelerator must be pumped several times before the engine responds . dangerous at times so i 've learned to adapt to the quirk . audi has looked at the ca
 am absolutely outraged with the quality of this car . i only have 19,000 miles and i need a new engine . how ridiculous is that ! this vehicle has had many faults . one example is that emergency brak
ced . i have never owned a vehicle where the brakes and tires went bad at such low mileage . the engine sounds like it is struggling all of the time and is sounding more and more like a pick-up truck 
ast experience . have had for 1.5 years and seems like there is always some little thing wrong . engine is great , great on snow . if i had it to do over again i would get the gl 450 or 550. the acura
en working ) finally plunked down the cash for a german driving machine . great handling , solid engine , but what a disappointment on the rest . from a jerky transmission ( no trouble found of course
sion , keyless entry and start , s-line `` macho '' look with slight flares on wheel arches , v8 engine sound , bluetooth phone operation.i think this is the most well built and value packed suv on th
 edges it out ever so slightly . the navigator was nice but it lacks that european road feel.the engine performace and exhaust note on acceleration , multi media interface , body styling and my ipod i
ummer ) is a bmw 645 cic . i 'm averaging 15 mpg over 4,000 miles . i can just begin to feel the engine opening up . adaptive cruise control is truly unbelievable . makes my daily commute in stop and 
or , the q7 was a wonderful change . it handles like a sports car ; seats are very comfortable ; engine and ride are extremely quiet and smooth ; luxury features such as mmi , bluetooth , rear camera 
e.so far i am really happy . this car/suv is fun and sporty but drives like a luxury sedan . the engine growls but not too loud . i drove the 4.2 ( not much more money than a loaded 3.6 ) and felt the
d inside and out . but unfortunately i had the car less than two weeks and 500 miles , car check engine light came on and the car started to choke and transmission started to stall and oil light came 
.acceleration , cornering , grabbing the roadjust got a fully loaded q7 . drives very smoothly . engine sounds great in sports mode . super comfortable and beautiful interior . if you 're into technol
e and beautiful interior . if you 're into technology - the mmi is great.smooth servo steering , engine sound , interior , mmi with integrated cell/bluetooth/sirius/nav.got the q7 about 3 months ago ,
ous infiniti fx , and the fx is smaller . brakes are powerful . luxury features are everywhere . engine sounds sweet and it 's powerful . mmi system is very logical and easy to use . i ca n't wait to 
r 5. though the rear seats are tight , there fine for my 3 younger children . great performace , engine , brakes , handling , does all very well . i like the 08 m3 coupe , but it only seats 4 , and th
 ride when desired , but stiffens in the corners for confident handling in aggressive mode . the engine is superb and an aftermarket exhaust system ( several are available ) actually makes meaningfull
ould change is the seat height , which does not lower sufficiently for me ( i am 6 ' ) .engine , engine , engine ! quattro with its rear bias is also terrific . coming from an 2005 s4 , my 07 rs4 is a
ge is the seat height , which does not lower sufficiently for me ( i am 6 ' ) .engine , engine , engine ! quattro with its rear bias is also terrific . coming from an 2005 s4 , my 07 rs4 is a complete
0hp just is n't enough once you get used to it.exhaust note , suspension , blue tooth , wheels , engine block look , color ( phantom black ) , tail pipes . i would have to say that this car is the mos
wning it ... a total sleeper ... it does n't turn heads until you stomp it . then - it moves.the engine ... there 's nothing like 420hp and an 8000rmp red line in a small sedan . love that it comes wi
 and the aggressive exterior finishes this car superbly . then of course there is the v8 4.2 fsi engine which tops it all with that `` purfect '' sound to go with it . a wee bit on the expensive side 
r with the new front and rear designed grill and oval exhaust pipes that resonates the excellent engine noise when its in the s mode.also the extra hp now available due to the direct fuel injection ( 
 . i came out of an s4 , and bought the rs4 after an ample test drive . the driving dynamics and engine feel remind me of me 1997 m3 ( first of three i owned ) , which i felt handled better than the 2
 little nose heavy , but compared to the s4 , it 's really hardly noticeable , and the braking , engine and lateral stability are outstanding . its really a wonderful machine , and the all wheel drive
ture of performances in the rs4 make it the best car in its classquattro , interior finishings , engine , sizei just recently purchased the rs4 and every time that i just look at my car ( which is oft
t i get back , it 's worth way more than what i paid.the more you push on the gas , the more the engine calls for more . the `` s '' button is off the hook , it sounds great . the whole car.this is by
 car is really that good . forget about the competition because this car blows them away.amazing engine with a 8,250 redline , drop-dead gorgeous looks , audi quality interior , very fun to drive fast
gorgeous looks , audi quality interior , very fun to drive fast or slow.the moment i turn on the engine ... wow . sounds so solid , i mean solid . once you press the s button , it sounds even sweeter 
st and no increase in fuel consumption ! brilliant ! consistent torque , smooth and free revving engine , refined yet capable suspension setup , great interior design and materials , sd card slot in r
exhilaration . it is extremely quick , hugs the corners and has a rock-solid build quality . the engine sounds great , too . this is a fantastic every-day car and not too thirsty given its 420 hp engi
lf in the thick italian growl burbling from the v-10 lambo motor ) . have n't grown tired of the engine ( not exhaust ! ) note after 12k miles . i bought my s8 because i believed it would be a fun-to-
wheel drive , and i love the car in general.the s8 is the german automobile perfected . flawless engine , superior ride and handling , classic styling and the absolute best interior available at any p
r superior interior . compared to the mercedes s550 again the interior is more luxurious and the engine blows the s550 away . audi 's mmi system is head and shoulders above any other . the b & o stere
hich is with the bang and olufsen stereo - this is a must it really improves a sound quality.v10 engine and bang and olufsen stereo.as with the few other owners , i debated the choices . when it came 
ersonal thing.it 's an awesome car . had it for about 2 months now and yet every time i turn the engine on i ca n't help but grin like a 12 year old in a candy store . having had various luxury cars o
 and the audi s8 . the s550 is nice , but the s8 just felt like something more special . the v10 engine ( smooth and quiet at normal speeds , and unbelievably poweful and `` baritone '' when you want 
v yet it was not something i would ever get again unless diesel was offered . simply put , small engine pulling around a heavy car . out of all the cars i saw that day , i decided the a3 was the one .
y i leased a metallic grey pearl , open sky , premium package , and s-tronic automatic . the 2.0 engine , i believe , coupled with a flawless dsg will allow this car to drive well beyond 100,000 miles
 open sky , while novel , and great if rear passengers are present , is very hot in the summer . engine + transmission=driving excellence . interior is excellently crafted , exterior is excellent as w
 have 2 mystery rattles , the drivers door handle and an exhaust rattle . mpg , looks , sound of engine and sound system , panoramic roof , wheels . i posted a review after i bought my audi last augus
 - you got ta try these ! this is my 7th audi including a4s and a tt . i love this car ! the 2.0 engine is a tremendous improvement over the old 1.8. the a3 is quick , has great handling , is nicely a
None
