Displaying 100 of 204 matches:
onts are worn a good bit . there are no rattles and the s-tronic transmission works very well . handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and weight , about 20mpg in mixed 
ity and look of the a3 . i drove the 2.0 turbo and i feel the v6 is considerably better.power , handling , rear space for hauling , seat comfort , exterior design and overall looks . very fun to use t
 for parking in crowded seattle is a blessing . the acceleration performance is wonderful , and handling is very good but not great . the practicality is what i wanted . i finally was convinced that i
ngine runs great , not too much electronic garbage , good gas mileage , great cargo room , good handling , exceptional performance , impressive cruise control , overall a great value for the money , s
ing is a bit light for my tastes ( the rx-8 's was perfect , so maybe i am just spoiled ) , but handling , acceleration , power and shifting are all top notch . the open sky package was not one i want
 an a8 , but still keeping my a3 ! love the dsg , nice torque on the 2.0t and the fine balanced handling . the quality throughout is exceptional.i wanted a 4-door hatchback for flexibility but did n't
d on which i atribute to the tires and stiff sport suspension . the ride is very good given the handling abilities of the car . the fit and finish is first in its class.have only had this car for a we
ver owned manuals - this is better ! ) , interior plastics and overall build quality , stereo , handling like a freakin ' slot car ! , 2.0t in sport mode - much less turbo lag than standard auto , ope
ar just wants to go , and has almost undetectable shift lag . put that together with the supreb handling , unparalleled audi cabin , and high fit and finish overall , and you have one sweet little rid
s outstanding . you just point it in the direction you want it to go and it goes with precision handling , dry or wet surface . and sport mode brings the car to another level . i am a big fan of a goo
? t wait for an s3 or an sr3 , hoping it will come out.smooth euro sports car styling . awesome handling . full time all wheel drive a big big plus.like others , i got rid of my suv but still wanted a
lls this my mid-life crisis car but she looks pretty hot driving it herself . open sky system . handling and acceleration . wide temperature range on heated seats . red interior lighting at night . bo
n combo , with dsg paddles ( my first automatic ever ) . beautiful interior , typical of audi . handling beats the tt ( at least my early model . ) stand-up-and-shout brilliant red color . great tacti
with 18k miles in excellent condition . the car performs like no other car i have had . first , handling & ride are excellent . fuel economy has been 22 mpg on short trips and around 30 on longer trip
but week later same problem . have n't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem ? handling is great ! ! love the stereo , satellite radio - mileage better than lexus is.i have to take my
went with a4 as the interior is superior ( in my opinion ) . so far , no regrets . good power , handling and fuel economy . all said , i would buy another audi without hesitation.interior quality and 
) home in the pouring rain was n't an issue as the 4wd and the quattro system really helps with handling . very comfortable interior , top end stereo and tight gear shift make this a fun family car . 
eeping the head unit . audi is definitely the ultimate driving machine . bmw , i defect ! great handling , smooth , easy to drive , comfortable , good on gas , great craftsmanship.the a4 avant is agil
 my previous car was an acura rsx , a more reliable ( i am told ) car but not nearly as nice of handling or design . i only hope this car will be as problem free as my acura was , but i am not countin
s problem free as my acura was , but i am not counting on it . this is the price paid for nicer handling and design.seat comfort , awd and ipod connection in glove box ( $ 250 install ) .several issue
tle for the 2.0t . while the 2.0t is peppy , the 3.2 is brute-force power , but with a terrific handling finesse . the exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors *cough*bmw* .
 - 1 , dodge - 0.bose audio system with sirius , the 3d gps navigation is a must-have , quattro handling is unmatched in the rain or even dry pavement . safety safety safety . i feel totally confident
and dreaming of driving this car for 7 years , you hear me , 7 years ! solid performance , nice handling , luxurious interior , a product of real german engineering . really does well on turning on sh
s unbeatable awd that audi pioneered . the rest just follow . audi never follows.great engine , handling , and transmission . unfortunately , the suspension is so hard it transmits every bump and crev
 not very apparent and basically disappears in manual mode . interior is second to none and the handling is crisp and clean . in the process of contemplating this purchase , i have tried out all the c
awd is mandatory for me in the snowbelt . mpg in a car not purchased to be economical . style , handling . not boring.only have 2000 miles in 3 months . visited the dealer on a whim after checking out
pressive and the service ( for the 5k oil change ) quick and friendly . great little car ! road handling , sound system and sport-setting on the transmission . bought my first german made car . almost
ed , thought the lexus was just too boring , and the mb a little too 'old ' . i like the ride , handling , mpg , price and stereo in this car . the price came in under all the competition and the comp
a long long time.almost 600 miles to the tank if you baby it on the hwy , excellent all weather handling , mp3 audio system has great overall sound and very good bass response , 6 heating levels for h
ith folding seats , small medical kit standard.this is one great car . i love how agile it is . handling is superb and it is a pleasure to drive the car . this car personifies how a true german sports
g and leg area is slightly tight where a bit of wider floor would increase the comfort . ride , handling , design and style.i selected the wood trim instead of the aluminum . the car is very fun to dr
the turbo blasts the car forward leaving other cars in your wake . i am also impressed with the handling capabilities of the a4 . many of the components of the sport suspension are borrowed from the s
added creature comfort , so is the mp3 compatibility . love this car ! excellent engine , tight handling , paddle shifters , s-line styling , navigation , sirius satelite radio , mp3 , 6 cd changer , 
and the price was right , compared to a used 2006 bmw convertible.driver 's seat/cockpit feel . handling . stereo . acceleration and cruise . convertible top . manumatic shifting . 2007 body style twe
e 3-series in three important categories of performance , appearance , and overall value , with handling being a tie . i 'm so glad i kicked in the extra few thousand to get the 6-cyl . over the buzzy
ip ! that beautiful 6-banger engine ! also , a great sound system ( standard equip . ) , german handling , and exterior styling that never fails to draw compliments from friends and strangers alike.si
 , even with the base 16 '' wheel/tire setup , the suspension setting is firm yet comfortable . handling is neutral to very minimal understeer . overall experience is very good , on par with the last 
ving at 80 mph . i do n't know how the engineers did it , but wind noise is kept at a minimum . handling is much better than the old cabs . it seems stiffer and the turn-in is quicker . brakes are awe
 cheers.simply quattro ! my second a4 avant and it is better than my 2003 was . faster , better handling , great looking both inside and out . better mileage and bang for your buck than any benz or bm
why everyone else is driving so slow on the highway . at slower speeds and around corners , the handling is very quick with very little lean.the manual shifting with the 2t package takes some getting 
 120-an-hour labor dealer . buy at your own risk - and read the forums before you do ! superior handling , acceleration , very good sound system.i have had my a4 for a month and it handles any curve i
 overall fit and finish is unmatched by any other cars in classbuild quality , looks , stereo , handling , gas mileage.i bought this car for my daughter , who previously had a volvo s40 and a volvo s6
or service i was given an a4 as a loaner and loved it . tight as a drum , well-balanced , great handling , outstanding gas mileage and really fun to drive ( i grab it whenever i can ! ) . excellent bu
s of driving enjoyment . driver 's seat and access to console , large trunk , comfort and great handling , and awd.i love driving this car . it has a great feel and handles very well on back country r
's bmw . sure it has ff format and it does n't quite drive like fr bmw , but it has a confident handling and ride quality that many drivers would n't really mind at all . and how about the price point
.handling , gas mileage , power for a 4cyl and the interior.the car drives great . it has tight handling and responsive control , it 's easy to operate and the controls are great . it 's a beautiful c
onsive control , it 's easy to operate and the controls are great . it 's a beautiful car . the handling and control in poor weather.this thing is soo fun . i 've had an mb c230 before and it ca n't e
after i drive it a year or so i 'll put in another review . but right now i love this car . the handling is great , the steering wheel ( adaptive steering ) is a godsend , the color ( deep blue pearl 
and the quattro system is much better . i think this car is a keeper ! steering wheel , color , handling , engine power ( 200 hp feels like a lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo sp
es everything well . i enjoy driving this car . gets great gas mileage , no turbo lag , amazing handling . quattro , 2.0 fsi turbo engine , handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles
r . gets great gas mileage , no turbo lag , amazing handling . quattro , 2.0 fsi turbo engine , handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles like its on rails . the new 2.0t transmissi
he car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-speed manual , handling , sport suspension , xenon headlights , layout of the cockpit.i leased the audi a4 2.0t cvt wit
2 on the highway doing 70-75. nav is fast , accurate and easy , bose radio rocks , steering and handling great . my speedometer is 3 mph fast and the front cupholders are n't great - otherwise nothing
therwise nothing compares for this 6'2 '' 220 pounderengine/trans ; quattro ; nav ; stability , handling , smoothness and quiet at all speeds ; mileage and gas tank size ; strong brakes with brake ass
2000 audi a6 with the feel of this car leaning more towards the a8 than it does to the a4 . the handling is still nimble and oh so much fun in s-shift , especially when taking off at the lights . the 
al attention to detail to build . fun to drive.attractive styling and general appearance , good handling , excellent gas mileage , engine power - excellent for a mid-size six , wood trim is beautifull
aptive headlights are very bright . good acceleration and braking . quattro awd gives excellent handling . tight turning radius for a big car . trunk is deep and the back seats fold down ( ! ) easily 
 circulation , controls on steering wheel . power rear sunshade.this is a spectacular car , its handling is excellent , and it grips the road like no other car . it is the nicest design , interior and
 the snow beautifully , does n't slip or slide . great job audi . acceleration , audio system , handling , and awd . great on snow and in rain . excellent car . have had several audis . this is the be
 rain water . plastic parts wear off too fast . the awd feature is very nice and helps with the handling . the interior is very nice . hopefully audi will master their product eventually . i will not 
t a luxury performance sedan should be . quattro four-wheel-drive provides incredible control , handling , and steering through curves and around corners . s-line suspension gives `` on-rails '' feeli
tooth that mated with my phone in love-at-first-sight fashion . s-line sport suspension matches handling of my bmw 3-series.the first thing that is great about the car is its elegant interior , i 've 
ppy . the v8 is quick off the line but is more appreciated when passing on the freeway . s line handling and paddle shifter are fun but not mandatory . new addition is the review camera - which become
i have ever seen . the real surprise however is the combination of ride , quiet and predictable handling in all conditions with high limits for a vehicle of this size and class . i expected competence
er that they always seem to find the correct gear/revs with no effort on my part . the ride and handling compromise is a close second that goes well with the rock solid chassis.the a8 never fails to a
 excellent in every single area and weak in none . the ride is superb , design flawless and the handling is simply amazing , extremely nimble for a large car . the attention to detail is impeccable ev
lf running more errands . i wonder why..engine growl , real world hwy economy ( 27mpg ) , sweet handling , amaretto wood trim interior , seamless bluetooth synch ( makes uploading and importing phone 
tion from 350hp v8 , dazzling 19 '' wheels that turn heads , super attention to detail , nimble handling that belies its size , and so much more . i bought it last week , and already took it across th
 on me . the incredible power of the w-12 powertrain is nothing short of amazing . the ride and handling balance is perhaps best in class . i absolutely love it.rear fridge , w-12 power , 20 '' wheels
solutely love it.rear fridge , w-12 power , 20 '' wheels , interior/exterior fit/finish , ride/ handling , quiteness etc , everythingwe have had a vastly different experience to many of the recent pos
have a great turning radius for this size of car . mileage stinks ( gets about 14/gal ) . great handling on snow/ice in the mountains of colorado . had to replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at t
ould really be a recall issue but i 'm sure audi wo n't step up to the problem.turning radius , handling , room.i traded in a lemon 2002 a6 in for the q7 . within 2 months of the q7 purchase , the win
ound system ( when working ) finally plunked down the cash for a german driving machine . great handling , solid engine , but what a disappointment on the rest . from a jerky transmission ( no trouble
echnology , bluetooth , iphone interface and sexy look.my audi q7 has been the nicest drive for handling , comfort and acceleration ! but the electronics have failed since about 3 weeks after i brough
 a dream on the highway . the quattro awd is the best i have driven for the size of vehicle the handling is nimble.handling and safety features . the technology package is outstanding.i love the suv .
 fast you are going . options can make the car a little pricey . but you pay for what you get . handling , interior , styling , options , over all driving experience.my first audi and i must say i am 
 great cars from audi . but this was the best surprise . it is a fantastic ride . the comfort , handling and power ( from a 6 cyl ) is outstanding . this is the best vehicle in its class . comfort.i h
 it to arrive but it was worth every minute . i agree with most of the other reviews here . the handling is what i am most impressed with . just does not feel like i am driving a large suv . steering 
 and 2000 miles of driving , i have yet to see another one on the road . i just love that ! ! ! handling , interior comfort , gadgets . did n't think i would need it , but the backup camera really com
 . it 's also easy to see the road in the q7 unlike some other large suvs.great styling , sport handling , satellite radio , bluetooth , nav system , extended moonroof , two rows of heated seats , opt
a with park assist , bluetooth , panorama sunroof , and the visual fx of the mmi screen.perfect handling , - feels like a sports car . 0-60 in just 7s . car itself does n't feel like a big car . first
 but after test drive i fell in love with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best suvs i have ever driven
 my first test drive i did n't know what to expect but i was shocked . very comfortable , great handling , nice power ( v8 ) and full of features . you will not be disappointed.everything.had to wait 
, bluetooth , rearview camera , huge sunroof.well , so far the q7 has met my expectations . the handling is smooth , precise and powerful . found out that my q7 has no air conditioner for the two seat
s powerful . mmi system is very logical and easy to use . i ca n't wait to take it skiing ! 1 . handling 2. style 3. featuresi bought my audi q7 to replace my honda pilot . i needed the extra towing c
ble , quite and well thoughout . the controls are all first rate and the car 's performance and handling are top notch . the mileage is averaging about 16.3 mpg in mixed driving . if you select the sp
or a luxury and sporty suv with room for friends is challenging . audi did it ! not only is the handling fantastic but with the air suspension upgrade , the ride is so smooth . the features for the dr
e mileage after driving an a4 , but the visibility sitting up higher made up for that , and the handling kept has all you expect in german sportinesshandling , all wheel drive and awesome brakingsimpl
r seats are tight , there fine for my 3 younger children . great performace , engine , brakes , handling , does all very well . i like the 08 m3 coupe , but it only seats 4 , and the 08 m3 sedan looks
. its drc offers a very compliant ride when desired , but stiffens in the corners for confident handling in aggressive mode . the engine is superb and an aftermarket exhaust system ( several are avail
s 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm range . winter handling with winter tires is exceptional and the car is on rails in hard packed snow . the design is di
on on the market today . the amount of power you get from that 4.2litre v8 is astonishing . the handling far surpasses anything else in this range . audis of old used to be really nose heavy and the u
e earlier cars ( surprise , surprise ) . huge fun to drive , awesome acceleration , outstanding handling & stopping power - at the same time comfortable , fine for everyday driving , it easily seats f
 in the s mode.also the extra hp now available due to the direct fuel injection ( fsi ) and the handling is just great . i came out of an s4 , and bought the rs4 after an ample test drive . the drivin
for your buck than even higher priced cars.undoubtedly the best sedan available . the power and handling are awesome . the gas mileage is better than an audi s4 . the silver interior is breathtaking .
. wow . sounds so solid , i mean solid . once you press the s button , it sounds even sweeter . handling is fabulous , acceleration is top notch . yes is a bit pricy but nothing compares at this momen
s a beast . the exhaust note is amazing and there is so much torque at all rpms . well balanced handling and it 's so much easier to drive quickly thru the hills . i 'm even getting the same fuel econ
gin to think about stopping and i am there , all without any complaint , squeal , or nose dip . handling - i pull corners and i 'm amazed the car transcends all its weight and stays completely flat th
e i believed it would be a fun-to-drive , relatively light weight fast sedan . it has ponderous handling , shifts erratically , and is full of insanely complicated , useless electronics . the suspensi
 car in general.the s8 is the german automobile perfected . flawless engine , superior ride and handling , classic styling and the absolute best interior available at any price point . compared to the
None
