Displaying 100 of 312 matches:
d to achieve a smooth getaway . the brakes are excellent . overall , i 'm very pleased with the interior quality and look of the a3 . i drove the 2.0 turbo and i feel the v6 is considerably better.pow
nsive auto experience ... i purchased the premium package with the white exterior and dark grey interior . this is a good looking car , but i have had so many problems with it . exteriorly , the trim 
the more premium features of the audi , and i prefer its exterior design.auto trans. , engine , interior , features , build and fit quality , safety features , exterior size , what a huge glove box on
 and the wipers clear without clatter or skipping . get up and go . well designed , comfortable interior . ipod interface good . roomy but small . i have had my a3 for over a month and absolutley love
eat engine/transmission . great acceleration . ride is solid and tight . steering feels great . interior design is excellent . sound system is great . like a video game on the highway ; quick downshif
sg , but it 's more manual transmission than automatic and i do n't miss the stick at all . the interior quality is outstanding , the seats are not as comfortable as the a4 , but still fine for daily 
 the back without the seats being folded down , but there is a ton of rear passenger leg room . interior design , air vents , rear seats.it 's light , powerful , precise , well-balanced and stops well
the difference between awd the fwd in cornering . better ( subjective ) engine tone than 2.0t . interior build quality and materials are incredible and comfortable on long drives.i bought my audi abou
 speeds and this car has n't broken a sweat . combine this competence with a basic but flawless interior , a great stereo , very good gas mileage and totally solid build quality and i just ca n't see 
eriously considering another audi ! dsg ( i have only ever owned manuals - this is better ! ) , interior plastics and overall build quality , stereo , handling like a freakin ' slot car ! , 2.0t in sp
 a recent ice storm and came through with flying colors . i would n't hesitate to buy another . interior fit and finish , turbo engine , handling.my daily commute is 152 miles a day . its a little noi
ve car and is very , very fun to drive . rear cup holders are useless and frail . otherwise the interior is very thoughtfully organized . needs mp3 aux . input in base stereo . excellent paint and fin
fully organized . needs mp3 aux . input in base stereo . excellent paint and finish . excellent interior materials , though the side seat bolsters are vinyl in leather equiped cars . very nice sport s
lf . open sky system . handling and acceleration . wide temperature range on heated seats . red interior lighting at night . bought the car with dsg , premium and open sky . red exterior , black inter
erior lighting at night . bought the car with dsg , premium and open sky . red exterior , black interior . the car looks hot , people stare at it all the time . great performance , great pickup . the 
ntastic . from `` drive '' to paddle shifters , it makes magic on the a3 . got ta love the audi interior quality and ergonomics ; standard stereo is just fine and the trip computer keeps track.a great
't be more happy . the 200 hp engine and dsg live up too the hype , and man , does it fly . the interior is spacious , comfortable , with a clean design . we searched most entry-level luxury sedans bu
ootprint , ideal for city driving and parking.6 speed dsg transmission , paddle shifting , nice interior design and form function . 5th door offers lots of storage opportunity . third audi , coming on
t attitude.engine/transmission combo , with dsg paddles ( my first automatic ever ) . beautiful interior , typical of audi . handling beats the tt ( at least my early model . ) stand-up-and-shout bril
at least my early model . ) stand-up-and-shout brilliant red color . great tactile sense in the interior design . my insurance company thinks it 's a four-cylinder wagon ! this is my forth audi , thro
s very stylish and gives the front end such an aggressive appearance . the craftsmanship of the interior is flawless , and the audio is uplifting . i just got the car about 5 months ago . it 's been g
ips and around 30 on longer trips . the seats ( both leather and power ) are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled . only complaint is the short leg room in the rear seats , but since the
op up which is not a common thing for convertibles in today 's market . the build quality , the interior of course , nothing beats audi with this . i love the automatic top and the feel i have while d
ow . performance is great . nearest dealer 1 hour away which is a drag . performance , design , interior . audio system . bought my first pre-owned audi after owning lexus is-looking for better mileag
n the snow very easy . it was a toss up between the a4 and bmw 3 series . i went with a4 as the interior is superior ( in my opinion ) . so far , no regrets . good power , handling and fuel economy . 
as n't an issue as the 4wd and the quattro system really helps with handling . very comfortable interior , top end stereo and tight gear shift make this a fun family car . take the kids to practice or
ternoon : both can be fun in this solid family sedan -- the 2007 a4.tight gear shift ; superior interior design ; very good safety specifications ; great mpg.this is an unbelievable car that has as mu
mw , but with more elegance and minus a couple thousand dollars.steerable bi-xenon headlights , interior led ambiance lighting , coming home/leaving home feature.i have been driving bmw 's for the las
rns are common to get decent parking ) .this is the complete package . fun to drive , beautiful interior , great in any weather , zippy . what more do you want in a car this size ? quattro . heated se
t puts to rest the popular notion that wagons are boring and unsexy . the overall layout of the interior ( particularly the console area ) and the sleek exterior design . the technology is also user f
ains and the gas mileage is way better than our previous automatic . also no one beats the audi interior for the money . it is better than my buddy 's brand new $ 90,000 bmw 650i interior . it is an i
ats the audi interior for the money . it is better than my buddy 's brand new $ 90,000 bmw 650i interior . it is an incredible car for the money.body design , turning headlights , cabin fit and finish
sse . the exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors *cough*bmw* . the interior is likewise sleek without the bmw austerity or lexus frou-frou . the engine just purrs , and no
ng this car for 7 years , you hear me , 7 years ! solid performance , nice handling , luxurious interior , a product of real german engineering . really does well on turning on sharp curves , it hugs 
rankly , it is no big deal as it is not very apparent and basically disappears in manual mode . interior is second to none and the handling is crisp and clean . in the process of contemplating this pu
cause they put everything into one great package.ride ... crisp and clean . sport supension ! ! interior and exterior styling . the integrated bluetooth is a nice feature . i 'm big , the car is n't ,
to anybody out there . fully rectractable top , no hands required ; ) and bi-xenon headlights , interior ! shows how much work has been spent on it , love it ! i purchased a new a4 quattro . on the wa
iver with the cachet of a german luxury make without breaking the bank ! fuel economy ; quality interior ; base stereo is fine ; unmatched fit and finish ; full sized spare and wheel-in case you run u
 is more powerful . even though is 4 cyl , it has 10 hp more than my previous v6 . exterior and interior design is awesome . i got 6 years 100000 miles of warranty ( for certified cars only ) , so i c
re silent powerful engines , but otherwise everything is just excellent ! aaa+++ redesigned new interior and exterior . very fuel efficient . cvt impressed me , too . interior is larger than previous.
 ! aaa+++ redesigned new interior and exterior . very fuel efficient . cvt impressed me , too . interior is larger than previous.i 've owned three vws before this and so far i 'm in love with the a4 .
purchase one again , if i had the choice ? yes . i love the way it handles , the ergonomics and interior design are excellent , and the build quality is top notch . i only wish that i had an s4 or an 
 has proven to be ultra-reliable at least for me . i love the 3.2 's growl and pick-up.the best interior in its class , even if i can still see a resemblance to my 98 's . quattro - if you live in the
y now that will hit $ 4 a gallon , and does not compromise power . 200 hp is quite enough . the interior , as always , high quality.quattro . german . high quality . state of the art engine . stylish 
ed glowing remarks on the quartz metallic exterior and most people `` get '' the smooth quality interior . i 've got the navigation system with sirius radio and enjoy every minute in this fun to drive
t & says it 's much stronger from a standstill . upgraded stereo with bose/sirius is fabulous . interior fit/feel is intuitive , with lots of little features that make it a pleasure to drive . top up/
first audi and so far i 'm very pleased . the overall muscular look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . inter
erior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . interior controls are well laid out and the dual climate control works exceptionally well - very cold a/
 but audi had a better deal , and i am very pleased with my car . it 's a classy car.i love the interior . it 's really first rate . the brakes are tops . this is my 8th leased audi . love the brand .
turn-in is quicker . brakes are awesome and inspire confidence . got it in alpaka beige , cream interior and tan room . it 's a very nice looking car , even with the new audi gap-mouth grille . you ge
st of the upgrades , this baby rocks . black and beige is a babe magnet.performance , luxurious interior , safety ratings and value compared to similar classed wagons . i have n't owned this vehicle l
he suspension is somewhat stiff but i think you 'd have to agree that it is race oriented . the interior is comfortable and `` no nonsense '' . everything is there and nicely organized around the driv
cond a4 i 've owned and it keeps getting better and better . love the design , the engine , the interior . still notice the turbo lag but not as pronounced as my 05 a4 1.8l . the car will get up and m
hile others were putting on chains i just kept on driving . stereo , inside style , fat tires , interior lighting.i have now owned my 6th audi ( 4th a4 ) and i will say for sure , audi has come back t
o drive ( i grab it whenever i can ! ) . excellent build quality , great exterior design and an interior way beyond anything in its price class . buy it ! performance , looks , quality , interior.afte
y favorite features are as follows : 1. the ? sport ? feature on the transmissions . 2. the red interior lighting on the dash and center console . 3. it ? s a babe magnet.i found my stylish , sporty a
 new reason to like it better than the day before . it is a beautifully refined vehicle and the interior along with the convertible top is a marvel . the engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy
wesome , but it 's not to be expected . the exterior is a matter of taste - i love the design . interior is very quiet , comfortable , well appointed.the engine , the quattro - feel glued to the road 
ointed.the engine , the quattro - feel glued to the road , the mid & upper end torque , ambient interior lighting , fit and finish overall , the interior - with the few exceptions noted.truly a thinki
he road , the mid & upper end torque , ambient interior lighting , fit and finish overall , the interior - with the few exceptions noted.truly a thinking man 's bmw . sure it has ff format and it does
e point . it is several thousands dollars less than bmw , but i think it has much more tasteful interior that will age gracefully . wonderful car to drive and look at.interior design and the materials
the drive and feel of the a4 . handles amazing , great gas mileage and an appealing look - both interior and exterior . test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and
look - both interior and exterior . test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the a4 . the interior controls take a little getting used t
nd not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the a4 . the interior controls take a little getting used to ( climate controls , audio , lights , and sunroof contro
 sexy ( too bad i 'm still breaking it in , so nothing over 5000 rpm yet ) , and the safety and interior features are very well designed . i personally liked how the manual drove on this car than the 
lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo space ( for this size car ) , beautiful interior full size spare , quattro awd system.i have only logged 400 miles but i am sold on the a4 . the
en you hit the back roads it feels stuck to the road but rides very comfortably . as far as the interior goes it is nearly perfect from an ergonomic stand point and i love the bluetooth with my blackb
ransmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need . the car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-speed manual , handling , sport s
udi a4 2.0t cvt with premium package and i was amazed by the powerful engine , fuel economy and interior quality . it is fun to drive and a very good looking car . build quality , performance , fuel e
ic . the 19 '' alloy wheels are stunning and really give the a6 a wow factor . the same for the interior - it 's form and function is impressive.this is my 2nd certified used audi a6 , the 1st was an 
 speeds ; mileage and gas tank size ; strong brakes with brake assist ; comfort ; reliability ; interior and exterior styling - so - just about everythingmy car is actually the audi a6 2.0 tsi and it 
fun to drive , plus it 's stylish . being a female , color is important and i love the amaretto interior . bose sound system cranks too . can shift into manual mode . very responsive and good in snow 
em cranks too . can shift into manual mode . very responsive and good in snow . stylish and the interior is attractive and very european.i 've driven acuras for 15 years ( vigor , tl ) and loved them 
d the x5 a lot , but really preferred a sedan . when i discovered the a6 had 350 hp , beautiful interior , and an enormous trunk , i was in . my test drive sealed the deal . i 've had the car for 6 we
mooth on the road . would encourage wheel insurance though as they 're easy to nick and scuff . interior screams luxury - well appointed and roomy . mmi control is much easier to learn than critics sa
d down ( ! ) easily holding golf bags.nav , mmi , bose audio , upgraded wheels , fuel economy , interior comfort & quietness , walnut accents , bluetooth , exterior style , quattro awd , cabin air cir
its handling is excellent , and it grips the road like no other car . it is the nicest design , interior and exterior in its class . very smooth on the road for the front seats , and has been a very r
lastic parts wear off too fast . the awd feature is very nice and helps with the handling . the interior is very nice . hopefully audi will master their product eventually . i will not be a repeat buy
much fun figuring out how to use the console to its fullest potential.the beautiful yellow wood interior and the console , sirius radio and the nav system.the audi a6 3.2 quattro s-line virtually embo
 '' feeling . averaging 22 mpg , while driving it `` passionately . '' stunning and comfortable interior , with full array of electronics : excellent bluetooth ( treo 700p worked from the start ) ; na
 matches handling of my bmw 3-series.the first thing that is great about the car is its elegant interior , i 've owned bmws and lexus and mbzs and they all come in a distant second to the interior . t
ant interior , i 've owned bmws and lexus and mbzs and they all come in a distant second to the interior . the sure footedness of its all wheel drive makes it a fun car to drive , yet not stiff and ru
is the review camera - which becomes important in the city ( bumpers not made for love taps ) . interior comfort very similar to the a8 . the car is awesome . the nav is easier to use than bmw . decen
wind up paying more for it ( just 1k under msrp ) but is definitely worth it . looks , luxury , interior and exterior lighting , tech package , nice sunroof , great seats , large trunk space , review 
ention to detail is impeccable everywhere you look and the ergonomics is simply fantastic . the interior will put `` anything '' south of 200k to shame . these days i find myself running more errands 
nder why..engine growl , real world hwy economy ( 27mpg ) , sweet handling , amaretto wood trim interior , seamless bluetooth synch ( makes uploading and importing phone book contacts ) a breeze , voi
 , more nimble vehicle , but has more room than practically anything else in this segment . the interior design and fit and finish are best in class . the s8 variant is an attractive alternative , but
 always purchase an audi . it 's a great car ! nav system , 18 way driver and passenger seats , interior lighting system and entire computer system.the audi a8l is the perfect vehicle for me . i drive
there.rear camera , front and rear parking sensors , quietness , smooth ride , air suspension , interior design , quality of materials , nav , massage seats , bluetooth , large trunk , large rear seat
with 54000 miles on it . no problems . the new a8 is rock solid , and just as peppy as the a6 . interior is absolutely top quality . mmi is a bit daunting for me , but i am working through it . ( neve
 2 weeks ago and it is the most luxurious car i 've ever owned . the attention to detail of the interior leather and wood is sheer perfection . the drive is amazingly smooth but as precise as a surgeo
o loves music in its truest form.the most beautiful car i 've ever owned . stunningly luxurious interior , classy exterior , polished demeanor , great acceleration from 350hp v8 , dazzling 19 '' wheel
ro tires on 20 '' by 9.5 '' rims and on and on.this car is what luxury cars are all about . the interior fit/finish is second to no car on earth . the exterior design is flawless , even the grille is 
r old chevy pick-up . dealer happy to keep trying to fix but sick of driving a4 loaners.- large interior - interior look & feel - great on the highway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( wi
 pick-up . dealer happy to keep trying to fix but sick of driving a4 loaners.- large interior - interior look & feel - great on the highway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( with new tire
a new suv driver and the q7 seemed like a lot of vehicle for me then . i love the q7 , from the interior and exterior foot lights to the powerful but smooth styling . build quality is exceptional , su
 is a beautiful car . i get many people peeking through the windows trying to see the wonderful interior . i also get many compliments on how it looks everytime i go gas it or go to school . i got the
 just outstanding and in line with the audi reliability for building world class vehicles . the interior fit and finish are first class , and if you fold down the third row you have incredible storage
y , this is a really solid vehicle from the heavy feel of the doors to the look and feel of the interior . this is my 4th audi in a row but first suv so i really looked at all the options . i think th
. acceleration and fuel economy is pretty good considering the vehicle 's size and weight . the interior is impeccable . everything fits together and the materials are high quality . the three panel s
None
