Displaying 100 of 143 matches:
c transmission works very well . handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and weight , about 20mpg in mixed winter driving . the a3 tends to be very touchy when accelerat
- but it is the worst design i have seen in 30 years of buying cars . lighter than the a4 , same power ( v6 ) , smaller , and about 10mpg worse than the a4 - blows my mind . we wo n't touch audi agai
 tastes ( the rx-8 's was perfect , so maybe i am just spoiled ) , but handling , acceleration , power and shifting are all top notch . the open sky package was not one i wanted , but i now find it a
 a bit bigger than i wanted . the audi is an awesome car . so much fun . some folks say that the power gain in the 3.2 is n't worth the increased price . my feeling ( having driven both ) is that the
 increased price . my feeling ( having driven both ) is that the 3.2 provides a much more steady power ( no lag ) and is better suited to the awd . i felt the same way when i chose my vw gti vr6 over
the awd . i felt the same way when i chose my vw gti vr6 over the 1.8t a few years back . steady power from the very low rpms . beyond that , the build quality is great , the nav system is awesome , 
ed the scales . this car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic . engine has great power , and the car handles like a dream . the traction control was put to the test during a recent ic
ission , transmission , transmission.torque steer is nearly absent , dive/squat is absent . nice power , but could probably use another 30hp . good pulling power down low for a turbo . turbo lag is a
 absent , dive/squat is absent . nice power , but could probably use another 30hp . good pulling power down low for a turbo . turbo lag is absent . dsg needs to be revised so that it holds the gear a
looks . then i drove it , wow ! ! ! no other car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot . the transmission is outstanding . you just point it in the direction you want it to go
t and the test drive was great . the car is amazing . look out ! in first the tires squeal . the power ( and efficiency ) of the 4 cyl is amazing . the dsg is a great fun . once driving , a guy in a 
 and get this . you 'll be glad you did . do n't let anyone call it a `` wagon '' . nav system . power . style ( inside and out ) . test drove honda , subaru outback , mazda cx 7. drove the a3 and kn
ll types of driving . unfortunately , the fsi motors that audi drops in these cars are garbage . power is fine , handeling is impeccable , solid running motor , but huge oil issues . in most of the a
ft from 3rd to 2nd the car shakes . also turbo lag at start . wish it had just a little bit more power . but it 's enough . good sound system . good handling.just bought a 2007 a4 quattro 2.0 used wi
nomy has been 22 mpg on short trips and around 30 on longer trips . the seats ( both leather and power ) are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled . only complaint is the short leg room 
feel i have while driving , i feel like a royal person . : ) i 'm constantly having to fool with power window controls . so sensitive it either goes all the way down or all the way up hard to get it 
ries . i went with a4 as the interior is superior ( in my opinion ) . so far , no regrets . good power , handling and fuel economy . all said , i would buy another audi without hesitation.interior qu
ng the 3.2l , i could not settle for the 2.0t . while the 2.0t is peppy , the 3.2 is brute-force power , but with a terrific handling finesse . the exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like 
 lexus frou-frou . the engine just purrs , and no matter what your speed , the 3.2 has plenty of power in reserve . the gps is top- notch , the bose system is pure concert- hall sound , and the overa
t are cast not stamped . turbo that really pushes the fuel economy up and gives a super boost of power from 50 mph to 135 within a few seconds on the highway . too scared to redline it to see how fas
than previous.i 've owned three vws before this and so far i 'm in love with the a4 . i miss the power off the line from the vr6 engine in the vw 's i drove , but this is my first turbo and part of i
linder engine , great on gas especially now that will hit $ 4 a gallon , and does not compromise power . 200 hp is quite enough . the interior , as always , high quality.quattro . german . high quali
look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me . the turbo engine has plenty of power especially in `` s '' mode . interior controls are well laid out and the dual climate control wo
 car the a4 is a great car for less money . comfortable seats and driving position , good engine power for a 4 cylinder , good number of easy modifications on the market ( chip , suspension ) good st
e long enough ( purchased 1/2007 ) to give a complete review . i was pleasantly surprised at the power and response from such a small engine . i find myself wondering why everyone else is driving so 
st works . this is not four wheel drive , as i have often heard the neophyte describe controlled power to four wheels . on dry pavement , this is total smart control - quattro is an all wheel compute
ng used to ( climate controls , audio , lights , and sunroof control ) .handling , gas mileage , power for a 4cyl and the interior.the car drives great . it has tight handling and responsive control 
ystem is much better . i think this car is a keeper ! steering wheel , color , handling , engine power ( 200 hp feels like a lot ! ) , smooth clutch , safety features , large cargo space ( for this s
its on rails . the new 2.0t transmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need . the car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-spe
tified used audi had 27,000 miles when i bought it and i have n't had a single problem . all the power i can use and all i do is think about passing and the next thing i know i 'm past in absolute si
drive.attractive styling and general appearance , good handling , excellent gas mileage , engine power - excellent for a mid-size six , wood trim is beautifully made , mmi is easy to use in spite of 
 the car for 6 weeks and 1,400 mi , and am loving every minute . it 's fun to drive with tons of power and lots of class . i 'm sure i 'll feel some pain in the wallet for service , but audi 's servi
 driver ergonomics . fine exterior styling . solid feel . huge trunk with fold-down rear seats . power to spare.i have had this car for 3 months and 2100 miles , city and highway driving . it is easy
ery stylish . the mmi has become second nature and is really a lot of fun . the car has computer power that exceeds many desktops . pickup , 6 speed , mmi , steering , seats , sound system , sunroof.
 bluetooth , exterior style , quattro awd , cabin air circulation , controls on steering wheel . power rear sunshade.this is a spectacular car , its handling is excellent , and it grips the road like
re excellent . fit and finish , mileage , safe car feel.this is a very impressive car . love the power in sport mode . build quality is awesome . traded a 2006 a3 2.0 with dsg . i miss the lightning 
ed 28 mpg and drove most of the way at 80 mph . the 350hp direct injection 4.2l v8 has immediate power and even more refinement . the mmi is easy to use and just makes sense . we looked at the lexus 
way and backroads with this baby and it 's never misbehaved or thrown me a surprise . incredible power , positive steering , and an amazing ride.the power of the w12 , fantastic feedback from the roa
behaved or thrown me a surprise . incredible power , positive steering , and an amazing ride.the power of the w12 , fantastic feedback from the road . stereo is amazing , ipod interface is great.this
 the quality of the leather and wood can not be matched , other then perhaps a rolls royce . the power is great and the looks equate to understated elegence . every two or three years i purchase or l
with amaretto leather and the b & o stereo ! the rear seat room is amazing and my girls love the power rear seats ! the bang & olufsen stereo in unlike anything i 've ever heard in an automobile . ma
ystem , wheels , endless luxury features ( such as `` advanced key '' , alcantara door inserts , power rear sunshade , massaging/ventilating/ heating seats , etc . ) , power from silky-smooth v8.i pu
 alcantara door inserts , power rear sunshade , massaging/ventilating/ heating seats , etc . ) , power from silky-smooth v8.i purchased my a8 on 11/04/06 . this is not the long wheelbase model but th
r on earth . the exterior design is flawless , even the grille is growing on me . the incredible power of the w-12 powertrain is nothing short of amazing . the ride and handling balance is perhaps be
the ride and handling balance is perhaps best in class . i absolutely love it.rear fridge , w-12 power , 20 '' wheels , interior/exterior fit/finish , ride/ handling , quiteness etc , everythingwe ha
se , the windshield wipers collided during a bad rainstorm on the highway . after 5000 miles the power lift gate stopped working and the back seat would n't lock into place . after 19000 miles , the 
 , 4-zone climate , navigation system , premium bose stereo , adjusting bi-xenon headlamps , and power liftgate.purchased 3.6 premium . i love this car ! handles and performs like a sports sedan even
 a pinch , it works out fine . with the third row folded , the trunk is extremely spacious ; the power liftgate helps a lot.three panel sunroof , heated seats in the front row and back row , four zon
 the northeast.nothing really to gripe about . excellent ride , real tight , no rattles . plenty power and torque . all the bells and whistles . i like it . the styling is growing on me.back up camer
from audi . but this was the best surprise . it is a fantastic ride . the comfort , handling and power ( from a 6 cyl ) is outstanding . this is the best vehicle in its class . comfort.i have had my 
hang of it you will find its usefulness . we have rear climate control , the bose sound system , power tailgate , bluetooth , 3rd row seating , and of course the mmi ( navi ) among few of the feature
must ! love all the controls since i 'm a parent and need to control some rear functions and the power tailgate is a must for all parents.we ordered our s-line q7 in august ... well worth the wait ! 
experience is everything we expected and more . the motor sounds authoritative and has plenty of power . seating is comfortable with plenty of head room for the tall ones . third row seat is designat
 god it is too big , but after test drive i fell in love with it . almost perfect weight ratio , power of 4.2 fsi , handling , brakes , moon roof + best interior ! love mmi.this is one of the best su
drive i did n't know what to expect but i was shocked . very comfortable , great handling , nice power ( v8 ) and full of features . you will not be disappointed.everything.had to wait 4 months to ge
 start/entry.blue tooththe audi q7 4.2 is a drivers car . it feels just like an audi sedan . the power is impressive as well as the fit and finish . do n't expect too much in the way of mileage , but
pect . the car is heavy but feels really light and nimble . it 's exceeded all my expectations . power and driving dynamics.quattro-the most trustable all wheel drive system 350 hp with 325 torque gi
erb and an aftermarket exhaust system ( several are available ) actually makes meaningfully more power . its redline is 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm 
aningfully more power . its redline is 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm range . winter handling with winter tires is exceptional and the car is on rails 
is also terrific . coming from an 2005 s4 , my 07 rs4 is a completely different beast . has more power , much better suspension , looks better , feels better , just a better car and yes you pay for i
r , feels better , just a better car and yes you pay for it . however , i would like to see more power because people who buy rs4s crave power and 420hp just is n't enough once you get used to it.exh
 yes you pay for it . however , i would like to see more power because people who buy rs4s crave power and 420hp just is n't enough once you get used to it.exhaust note , suspension , blue tooth , wh
o say that this car is the most practical performance saloon on the market today . the amount of power you get from that 4.2litre v8 is astonishing . the handling far surpasses anything else in this 
the money and what you can expect to get in mileage with this kind of power.looks , interior and power ratio with the 60 % 40 % quattro.i 've owned a total of 4 different audis based on the a4 so far
rprise , surprise ) . huge fun to drive , awesome acceleration , outstanding handling & stopping power - at the same time comfortable , fine for everyday driving , it easily seats four people . still
ibrations , no oil consumption , and no questions of build quality . the car is just wonderful . power is smooth and a lot of it there . i am averaging up to 25 mpg hwy @ avg speed of 79 mph . i want
 had to inspect the car for my title told me that they where fighting for the honor to test it ! power , comfort , ride , look , and an immaculate finish to everything in this car make the price well
make the price well worth itthe exterior is gorgeous ( i got my car in the avus silver ) and the power ... wow ! i think that for the price tag you get more bang for your buck than even higher priced
 more bang for your buck than even higher priced cars.undoubtedly the best sedan available . the power and handling are awesome . the gas mileage is better than an audi s4 . the silver interior is br
otch luxury features , 5-star safety , and all-wheel-drive.hi-revving 420 hp v8 , both for it 's power and its lascivious sound . excellent recaro seats . bluetooth . nav with integrated sd card read
nd . excellent recaro seats . bluetooth . nav with integrated sd card readers . colossal braking power and handling.after multiple m3s and porsches this car 's performance and construction astound me
is is the most outstanding car i 've ever driven . i also own a mercedes sl600 ( with a kleemann power upgrade ) and in the morning , i find myself reaching for the s8 keys . this car is a very fast 
ing.the is such a great car ! i bought an s550 4matic for myself , but there just was n't enough power there for me . i saw the s8 drive by and my son ( who is 13 , and knows a lot about cars ) told 
rtable it is and how much fun it is to drive , and 4 ) that it keeps getting better . i find the power band perfectly tweaked for a luxury sedan - great performance as an automatic , amazing performa
nomy . i am 6'3 '' tall and i have plenty of room.with only 5,000 miles on my brand new a3 , the power window is broken , the power seat for the driver is broken , and now the transmission is giving 
 have plenty of room.with only 5,000 miles on my brand new a3 , the power window is broken , the power seat for the driver is broken , and now the transmission is giving problems . i will never buy a
at i need . ( that 1 % is pushing it beyond my comfort zone anyways . ) the a3 gives you refined power and handling . it is a smart blend of style and practical considerations in a sports sedan . it 
ut it has proved me wrong . i like this vehicle more and more as a continue to drive it . smooth power and great transmission . the ride of the vehicle is sporty but not punishing . flexibility of th
2 ways , awesome lumbar support , up , down , back and seat tilt , `` bun warmers '' . plenty of power on the highway and up hills in seattle , classy exterior styling , great sound system , solid bu
 the past 15 years as well as several jeeps . this latest purchase with the 3.2 is outstanding . power , all weather ability with utility and sport car manors . this package does it all . the mmi is 
. highway mileage is fantastic , but pure city driving gives poorer than i hoped . but overall , power and handling are the best ! this is the funnest car i 've ever driven . trunk space the best of 
 be compared to a 6. interior is very well built . exterior is very sharp . this car has all the power anyone should need . if you ease up on the pedal it will get very good gas mileage as i have exp
s for just over 2 weeks and 800 miles and so far i 'm very pleased . i do wish the 2.0t had more power but i knew going into it that it was a trade-off for better fuel economy . setting aside the lac
i knew going into it that it was a trade-off for better fuel economy . setting aside the lack of power at the low end , i love the way the car drives and handles . been in one early spring snowstorm 
 -- great on gas mileage and fun to drive in sport shift mode . seats -- very comfortable . good power steering is smooth.it 's indeed a dream car . the design is excellent , top execution and materi
tastic . it offers superior comfort ( i 'm 6'5 '' ) , handles like a champ , provides surprising power from its strong 2.0 turbo and provides over 30+ highway mpg ! this is a very special automobile.
 2001 vw jetta glx previously and was a little unsure of going back to a four cylinder , but the power of the 2.0t feels even better than the v6 in the jetta . i was also concerned about engine noise
my s4 since may . wow , what an exciting car this is ! i like it better than the s4 and find the power to be almost the same . this car is so well engineered with the weight distribution that it allo
d drl 's ! the whole body shape . milano leather all electric seats . mmi . memory keys/remote . power delivery above 2,000 rpm . paddle shifters for the tiptronic . 5 spoke y wheels . the body shape
iments on this car , yet you do n't feel too `` cocky '' driving it.the mmi is awesome . passing power on the highway is terrific . highway mileage has been much better than expected . i had a 6 hour
 be happier with it . after being pleased with audi we went out and got another one a r8 for the power . but out of all of the cars we like the a6 the best for its looks and power and all the stuff y
er one a r8 for the power . but out of all of the cars we like the a6 the best for its looks and power and all the stuff you can get on it . such as keyless go ( we payed extra to get that installed 
ble and suv for one year round vehicle and this is the perfect fit . was concerned about lack of power , but dropping it down into sport mode completely changes the character of this car . ( the `` s
car is quite dangerous if you try to drive it on a curvy road at high speed . the v8 is too much power for the poor handling . i am very dissapointed i wish i would have gone with the bmwsolid feel a
 the bmwsolid feel and interior . quality craftmanship.amazing vehicle . smooth ride , plenty of power . great easy to use features on the interior . fantastic ! love the mmi . so well thought out an
color ( daytona grey ) in a time when almost everything on the road is the same . the ability to power hard into your corners smoothly will never make you feel like you purchased something second rat
mw 3 series ) and the advanced parking system makes short work of tight parking spaces.comfort , power , room , quietness , mmi interface makes using all of the cars features easy , sound system is f
amazing powertrain . the engine always feels 'on boil ' and the transmission gearing matches the power band perfectly . great noises - i almost never turn on the radio with this engine and exhaust no
he interior.i have had my rs4 cabrio for three months . i am astonished with the car : plenty of power , enough eye candy and the best attribute : i can cause bmw drivers to go crazy with the power i
f power , enough eye candy and the best attribute : i can cause bmw drivers to go crazy with the power i have under the hood . for me personally the best attribute about this car is that it 's not fl
None
