Displaying 53 of 53 matches:
 for daily driving . the open sky system is a splurge , probably not worth the 1100 msrp sticker price , but i could n't imaging the car without it . golf clubs do n't fit in the back without the sea
nt to compromise on performance or drive a huge wagon around . there are a lot of sedans in this price range , but the hatch and folding seats give much more utility . i settled firmly on the 2.0t af
ome car . so much fun . some folks say that the power gain in the 3.2 is n't worth the increased price . my feeling ( having driven both ) is that the 3.2 provides a much more steady power ( no lag )
gas , great craftsmanship.the a4 avant is agile on the road and it 's a blast to drive . for the price , you really get a lot for your money . most significantly , i feel firmly tied to the road duri
ope this car will be as problem free as my acura was , but i am not counting on it . this is the price paid for nicer handling and design.seat comfort , awd and ipod connection in glove box ( $ 250 i
er 1 year , i can firmly say that it is a really nice car , but definitely not worth the sticker price of 37k . i have a couple of issues ( car stalls for 2-3 seconds while cruising ) that the dealer
smission and the sport feature to provide more torque and power.i shopped all the brands in this price point , thought the bmw was too small and cramped , thought the lexus was just too boring , and 
 lexus was just too boring , and the mb a little too 'old ' . i like the ride , handling , mpg , price and stereo in this car . the price came in under all the competition and the complementary maint
e mb a little too 'old ' . i like the ride , handling , mpg , price and stereo in this car . the price came in under all the competition and the complementary maintenance was very nice . however , i 
d thing.handling ( suspension ) . build quality . ergonomics . refinement.the a4 can justify the price and gives the owner a sense of exclusivity . i wanted a sensible economy car , and that 's exact
ra tl , infiniti g35 , and lexus is 250 as well . in my opinion , acura had the best quality and price . however , audi was much more fun to drive and has awd feature which is very helpful for me ( i
icle . awd and interior.have owned the car for 6 days and love it ! went with fwd and cvt due to price -- wanted a convertible and this is a 3rd car that will not do heavy duty driving or commuting .
. top up/ down process is painless and takes less that 30 seconds . overall , no regrets and the price was right , compared to a used 2006 bmw convertible.driver 's seat/cockpit feel . handling . ste
 in this class offers luxury , performance , safety , cachet , fuel economy , and quality at the price of an a4 ? bmw arguably makes a superior car , but the value is not there ( and how will you kno
! ) . excellent build quality , great exterior design and an interior way beyond anything in its price class . buy it ! performance , looks , quality , interior.after a bad experience with my 2006 bm
ent handling and ride quality that many drivers would n't really mind at all . and how about the price point . it is several thousands dollars less than bmw , but i think it has much more tasteful in
 and exterior . test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the a4 . the interior controls take a little getting used to ( climate control
all the power you need . the car 's interior is top-notch . all in all , a wonderful car for the price . 6-speed manual , handling , sport suspension , xenon headlights , layout of the cockpit.i leas
ans . the a6 clearly outclasses , and out-performs , these models , as it should for its premium price . overall , i am very pleased with this car after 20,000 miles . it has been mechanically sound 
in its class and built a car that has lived up to my expectations . yes the car has a six figure price tag fully loaded ; however the car delivers on all its promises and gives the driver a senseof r
( and the way i drive ) , it is rather good.the b & o sound system sounds like it should for the price . the dual pane side glass makes this car quieter than my 04 a8l . and the rear camera plus park
dows -molding coming off -headlights fogged from inside -bad brakes . be aware ... the blue-book price has drastically decreased fifty percent . overall , don ? t buy an audi ! i wish i never did ! !
logy , comfort.i enjoy driving the q7 and it is a well built basic suv . unfortunately for $ 60k price tag audi falls short on customer service and attention to detail . i had serious electrical prob
off the console , cargo net fell off twice , gas door sticks open . i expect far better for this price car . who is giving this all those 9.5 's ? are their cars still in the dealer lot , or did i ge
after buying a acura mdx a year ago i traded it for a q7 . huge upgrade ! and basically the same price , no comparison . this was the buying decision i should have made but at the time i was a new su
d wide mirrors.i 've been driving an a6 for seven years and wanted to upgrade to an a8 , but the price point was more than i wanted to spend , so the q7 was a great alternative - a8 size and comfort 
ore than i wanted to spend , so the q7 was a great alternative - a8 size and comfort with the a6 price tag . it is very luxurious inside and out and the 4.2 v8 accelerates nicely , though not as quic
fe descending a steep , winding , icy road without having to use the brakes . while the purchase price is high , i feel it is worth it . i actually look for reasons to drive this car . my gas mileage
it ! power , comfort , ride , look , and an immaculate finish to everything in this car make the price well worth itthe exterior is gorgeous ( i got my car in the avus silver ) and the power ... wow 
ior is gorgeous ( i got my car in the avus silver ) and the power ... wow ! i think that for the price tag you get more bang for your buck than even higher priced cars.undoubtedly the best sedan avai
ve owned the car for just about 6 weeks , and it 's been all fun . there is no other car at this price that combines elite sportcar-level performance , 5-passenger capability , top-notch luxury featu
e , superior ride and handling , classic styling and the absolute best interior available at any price point . compared to the jaguar xj8 much more refined . compared to the bmw 750/760 better in alm
f the year and saved a lot . in '08 , if you wanted awd you had to buy the 3.2l engine , and the price got pretty high . i understand that they are working on the pricing issue for '09 . my wife has 
 in the a3 is bigger than that in the a4 . my kids love it ! true , it is not a bargain , if you price things on a per-inch basis , but if you value things because of how good they are , not just how
car is rolling.hard to limit my favorite features.purchased this as a cert pre owned for a great price . had only 10000 miles on it and jumped on it . very enjoyable to drive and love the comfort of 
r some curvy roads . strongly suggest this car if you enjoy the driving.styling : inside & out , price , overall driving pleasure have had this for just over 2 weeks and 800 miles and so far i 'm ver
, top execution and materials . everything is balanced with very good taste . the danger in this price range is sending the message that you bought the car to show-off . on the contrary , a4 shows th
step on the gas and see what a turbo engine can do . for me , a4 is the ideal compromise between price , aspect and driving experience . the 4wd transmission and the electronic breaking , steering , 
easure to drive . i purchased an a5 not the s5 after i had driven both . i could not justify the price difference . i ordered it with the s line package and could not be more pleased . this car is ro
or and exterior styling , options/ capabilities , etc ) - and importantly at the most attractive price . have owned bwm ( 330ci ) , audi ( a4 ) , acura ( legend ) and spent a lot of time in mb ( e ) 
than that the car is awesome . would have liked a wooden steering wheel standard for such a high price car . mmi , bluetooth , ipod integrationpast vehicles include lexus , bmw , porsche and this one
. both were great but did not appear worth the extra cost ( insurance , maintenance and purchase price ) . handling , interior and overall dealer service.car is everything i expected . fit & finish i
 sedan , lexus gs 350 , and the audi a4 . i decided to purchase the a4 based on the features and price . the a4 has the quattro awd , fold down rear seats , 14 speaker bang and olufsen system , bluet
y tappets on an old car . great.interior , ride , and fuel economy - diesel 40mpg city driving ! price and build , turbo acceleration and torque . plant your foot and hold on . electronic park brake.
 a very comfortable car . i could see myself sticking with audis in the future . even though the price can be high for some buyers , all i have to say is take a test drive and you will see that you g
 a dream . the looks and fit of the exterior is exceptional . the interior is remarkable for its price range . the 265hp is completely sufficient to address the 98 % of my driving . i got drive selec
or it to find a gas station by voice . this car is simply amazing all around . comes with a nice price tag , but definitely worth every last penny . exterior styling and especially interior fit/finis
cle drives and feels small . we bought the premium model , base with some options which kept the price down . visibility , no blind spots . massive sun roof . the room ! i can fit my road bike in car
on to score on value , i would give it a 7 or 8 simply because you can find more options for the price in cadillacs , lexus , acura . ride quality , mmi navigation , led lights , interior . fuel econ
y love this car . i like the handling and the acceleration . there are a ton of features for the price . the only complaints i have are the gas mileage is kind of poor , and the leather seats are kin
 this even bmw 535i also 2009. interior is extremely nice - i have nearly all the options so car price tag is $ 50k , which is appears overpriced at first , but when comparing quality interior and op
d a hail storm and he was able to get his q5 repaired and looking new for $ 8000 off the selling price ( not msrp ) . at such a deal i bought one also . his is black with tan interior and mine is whi
h technology . was about to purchase an x5 . after driving the q5 and comparing space , feel and price , the q won hands down . great car ! acceleration and feel when engaging the sport drive transmi
None
