Displaying 40 of 40 matches:
he fit to the a3 and by far this was the best car if you are looking for a hatchback . the only problem i have had was a bad sensor in the fuel tank set off the engine light , but it was fixed.steeri
wed never to own a 4 cylinder car . but the 2.0 turbo climbs up long grades in 6th gear with no problem . steeper grades i have to shift between 3rd , 4th and 5th gears and that just means i am in fo
see what i 'm talking about . if you look at all the other audi vehicles , only the a4 has this problem . if you are changing your oil every 1500-2000 miles contact audi usa for your engine replaceme
. brakes squeak at low speeds - had them cleaned to remove carbon build- up but week later same problem . have n't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem ? handling is great ! ! love 
build- up but week later same problem . have n't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem ? handling is great ! ! love the stereo , satellite radio - mileage better than lexus is.i have
itely stepped up their game . i drive a lot and am currently at 53,000 miles and have not had 1 problem . consistent 31 mpg even with driving at 80 mph . highly recommended ! i have been real disappo
 i am told ) car but not nearly as nice of handling or design . i only hope this car will be as problem free as my acura was , but i am not counting on it . this is the price paid for nicer handling 
nces allow for a quart to be burned every 1200 miles - all i can say is wow . this is a serious problem that will cause engine failure in the future 3 ) the hid lights vibrate . taken in on several o
iately thereafter on the passenger side , audi replaced the engine , seemingly knowing what the problem was right away . one of the cylinders had an obvious machining defect that the service departme
ooked-up '' , it is already.this is a great car , but it does have a few problems . the biggest problem so far is the fuel economy , granted i live in nyc , but 230 miles to the tank still seems like
 returned to the dealer for a total of approximately 6 weeks to try to fix a serious mechanical problem - namely , extremely hard starting in cold weather . based on audi 's suggestions , a number of
f the car 's components , including the coils and exhaust valves , have been replaced , but the problem has been neither identified or fixed . ( the car has currently been at the dealer for almost 4 
 knob , mp3 hook-up.when i bought my 1.8t awd , dealer insisted it would last over 100k with no problem . as soon as mine went off the warranty it several major failures : headlight switch ( common i
w . this 2007 certified used audi had 27,000 miles when i bought it and i have n't had a single problem . all the power i can use and all i do is think about passing and the next thing i know i 'm pa
delivery of my car and the brakes were very loud the salesman told me this was just a temporary problem and would go away-it has only been worse . srevice dept reply-brakes squeak . my 4 other vehicl
. srevice dept reply-brakes squeak . my 4 other vehicles do not have squeaky brakes . the worst problem however is the delayed acceleration at slow speeds . i will not let other family members drive 
d to adapt to the quirk . audi has looked at the car twice so far and says there is no apparent problem and my experiences ca n't be duplicated . do n't find it to be particularly nimble ( unfair com
iving a4 loaners.- large interior - interior look & feel - great on the highway ( 100 mph is no problem ) - snow performance ( with new tires ) very nice looking car but brakes have been squealing si
 replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at the tune of $ 1200 . dealer said this was a common problem on this car . no warranty coverage . just take it out of the pocket . this should really be a r
 ( brains of the car ) , fuel gage failed , 3 tire flat tires within 1 year . also had the same problem as someone earlier as a very small amount of liquid spilled next to the drink cups . it shorted
outstanding.i love the suv . audi has done it again . the car is a pleasure to drive . the only problem i had is the air compressor was defective and i could not fill my tire with air when i needed t
nly a fun drive but secondly also extremely useful in hauling people and stuff comfortably . no problem in terms of accelerating up hills or moving getting around slower vehicles . interior is one of
equate ( esses @ infineon ) . the brakes are not meant for track use and the pad wear will be a problem . replacement pads and rotors are not cheap . smooth acceleration . quattro , 420 hp , and wint
 seconds at least ) and get to hear it take off . i dont have the shaking of the steering wheel problem but my car has been consuming a lot of oil . other than that the car is a lot of fun , and for 
ality . does anyone have quality control ? another rs4 at the dealership has the same vibration problem . that is two out of three that shake . hope the engineers can figure out how to fix this . it 
 electronics are well thought out too . handling stuns . the throttle is not too sensitive . no problem ( did they fix it ? ) . looks ? subjective , yes , but it makes a very discrete statement . i a
sit in heavy traffic and let me tell you , people ( especially other drivers ) stare . the only problem that some people might have is that it can get quite uncomfortable when you have several pairs 
ly 23 in the city , 34 on highway.i had read other reviews that indicated tire noise could be a problem , especially with the pirelli p6 tires . i thought i had escaped that fate as the first year wa
nt that i felt comfortable giving an audi a try . it 's only been 6 months , but so far not one problem . we also live in new england and wanted all wheel drive , but we did n't want a truck . it was
ld you 're out of luck because you spilled something on it . had i known this was such a common problem , i would n't have bought this car . now i have to shell out the money out of pocket to replace
 replace the mmi system . after reading a bunch of reviews , it seems to be an extremely common problem . drove 4700 miles from ohio to wyoming and montana , thru chief joseph highway and beartooth p
usable because you can not access the seat belt buckle ! even in my old a6 wagon this was not a problem . further , with a carseat in the center location , it is impossible to move the seats forward 
andpa ) are squished together and the one in the center has a very small seat . this is a silly problem to have in an suv.i love everything but the carseat issue . i suggest you try your carseat ( s 
nce and cornering ! everything ! it 's been a year now and i still love this car . i did have a problem with the top locking up . now there is a recall for that part ( s ) . i 'm over 6 feet but i si
t put my foot on the brake and gas to keep from hitting the car behind me . when i reported the problem to the dealership , they said it was a normal characteristic of the car . also , the car rolls 
ery tight turning circle . interior and exterior design earn many praises from my friends . the problem is i 'm getting the shimmy around 62 mph ( hence points off in reliability ) and the diagnosis 
5'4 '' might have some problems with the driver 's seat position . my wife is 5'2 '' and had no problem getting into a comfortable driving position . back seat has enough room and the trunk is large 
spacious interior.both front seats proved to be uncomfortable during long driving periods . the problem is that the seat 's side support bolsters are so high and firm ( firmer than all other luxury c
to the dealership in a month and a half later , i got the fuel pump replaced . i 'm hoping this problem does n't continue because i really do love the car . i feel i should relate my experience to ot
r wheel drive . we have had five snow storms since i bought the car in november and have had no problem getting around . the brakes are first rate.i just got the a4 awd 2.0t at white w/ black interio
None
