Displaying 87 of 87 matches:
s get the job done but the fronts are worn a good bit . there are no rattles and the s-tronic transmission works very well . handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and w
 seat comfort , exterior design and overall looks . very fun to use the paddle shifting and s transmission mode . a3 sounds great under hard acceleration and yet is quiet when cruising . great stereo.
o replace the fronts under 20000 and the rear 25000. now i am having engine problems with the transmission . recommendation : do n't purchase this vehicle ! also very noisy while driving past 60 mph e
in the city , i could n't be happier with my choice . beware of the clutch take up on the dsg transmission . it is set agressively . dsg tranny is great for urban driving . more fun than a traditional
really could not be that fun to drive , or perform well . i was wrong . the 2.0t with the dsg transmission and the s-line package is a blast to drive . the steering is a bit light for my tastes ( the 
mplex and maybe the seats could be a hair more comfortable . fuel economy is great though.dsg transmission , open sky , exterior design , good gas mileage ( without sacrificing the fun to drive factor
 to buy it . i thought i 'd miss the manual tranny by getting the dsg , but it 's more manual transmission than automatic and i do n't miss the stick at all . the interior quality is outstanding , the
go bigger but at 5'11 '' i fit just fine . totally recommend this car.the paddle shifting and transmission . great a/c . this fall will be two years in my a3 and this car is the best small car i have 
 75 mph and the car stayed glued to the road . front wheel drive handles well in the snow.dsg transmission and excellent fuel economy.after 6 months and various trips and weather conditions the dsg a3
at it , but why bother ? it runs circles around most cars on the road as it is.transmission , transmission , transmission.torque steer is nearly absent , dive/squat is absent . nice power , but could 
 , wow ! ! ! no other car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot . the transmission is outstanding . you just point it in the direction you want it to go and it goes with precis
ce . and sport mode brings the car to another level . i am a big fan of a good 6 speed manual transmission , until i drove this car in sports mode . everything a manual transmission does without the h
ood 6 speed manual transmission , until i drove this car in sports mode . everything a manual transmission does without the human error . perfection . i can ? t wait for an s3 or an sr3 , hoping it wi
side , but the car has a ver small footprint , ideal for city driving and parking.6 speed dsg transmission , paddle shifting , nice interior design and form function . 5th door offers lots of storage 
 comes from the rear ) , design and quality.i purchased the new 2007 a4 on 9/3/6 . the manual transmission really allows you to drive this car and as a v4 it gets over 30 miles to the gallon . driving
3.0 quattro before and there is no companison . quattros are what audi is all about . the cvt transmission is jerky in the 3.2. it is a boring ride . i once tried to accelerate and had a delayed respo
that audi pioneered . the rest just follow . audi never follows.great engine , handling , and transmission . unfortunately , the suspension is so hard it transmits every bump and crevice from the road
e like i did ; audi dealers treat you with difference . the turbo 4 is plenty with the manual transmission , and i average 31 mpg in mostly highway travel . handles great . no problems . feels solid .
quick and friendly . great little car ! road handling , sound system and sport-setting on the transmission . bought my first german made car . almost bought a ford fusion but when i really sat down an
d go traffic around town . vehicle kicks with the cvt which you can make drive like a regular transmission , but that burns more fuel and well you do n't need it.i find out something new on this vehic
e of it . when i drive past people they know that the looks impressive . i love the tiptronic transmission and the sport feature to provide more torque and power.i shopped all the brands in this price
ate control , and of course the fact that it is a convertible . and the sound of the engine ! transmission is very smooth , but can be sporty as well.i recently bought the a4 2.0t cvt ; previously i h
 , granted i live in nyc , but 230 miles to the tank still seems like a bit much for a manual transmission being carefully driven . now the fun part , at 4,953 the check engine light came on and as i 
ble top is a marvel . the engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy and the 6-speed auto transmission is very refined . i wish the gas mileage were a little better , but that is the compromise to
handling , comfort , fit and finish.awesome car that handles like its on rails . the new 2.0t transmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need . the car 's interior 
 climate system and heated seats bottoms and backs . i love looking at it.six speed tiptronic transmission can be used in `` d '' ( fuel-efficient gradual acceleration ) , `` s '' ( very fast accelera
capabilities . i hope audi does n't change much before i am ready for my next one ! motor and transmission are so well suited to each other that they always seem to find the correct gear/revs with no 
achine . great handling , solid engine , but what a disappointment on the rest . from a jerky transmission ( no trouble found of course ) and creaky transmission to a $ 1200 mmi console from 2 drops o
appointment on the rest . from a jerky transmission ( no trouble found of course ) and creaky transmission to a $ 1200 mmi console from 2 drops of water and a door handle that fell off ( these last tw
lights to the powerful but smooth styling . build quality is exceptional , superb braking and transmission makes for a very safe and smooth ride.fits like a glove , just a great vehicle to drive . fee
g and styling , the q7 comes highly recommended.performance : firm suspension is just right ; transmission is a dream - you forget you have gears ; excellent brakes - no unreasonable nose dive under h
 assertive growl and silky smooth acceleration . punch it and it will go ! i love the 6 speed transmission . extremely smooth . perfect shift points . also like the 6 passenger seating in rear - not t
han two weeks and 500 miles , car check engine light came on and the car started to choke and transmission started to stall and oil light came on and its been in the shop for 5 days already and the go
he mileage is averaging about 16.3 mpg in mixed driving . if you select the sport mode on the transmission , it makes a huge performance difference , but it does hurt your mileage . all in all probabl
d new a3 , the power window is broken , the power seat for the driver is broken , and now the transmission is giving problems . i will never buy another audi again . this is the most problamatic car i
 sedan . it has been a very responsive , comfortable , and rewarding driving experience . dsg transmission with shift paddles - you got ta try these ! this is my 7th audi including a4s and a tt . i lo
ut a backseat and some cargo space . the a3 completely fits the bill . great engine ; amazing transmission ; handles like it 's on rails . small size makes it tossable and zoom with an efficient engin
i 'm pretty much happy with all standart equipment such as dual a/c , great stereo , excelent transmission , well designed and built interior and exterior . if you want a audi vehicle , beware of cost
e gas mileage is ? exterior and interior design and built quality . great engine 2.0t and dsg transmission . excelent stereo ! i test drove many vehicles for about 6 months . between them were bmw 328
 wrong . i like this vehicle more and more as a continue to drive it . smooth power and great transmission . the ride of the vehicle is sporty but not punishing . flexibility of the cargo space . size
ttro i ca n't see a reason to get a new a4 avant when this option is out there . dsg/s-tronic transmission w/paddles . modification options : 200hp is plenty , but it 's nice to have the option to add
for 16 year olds ) in an audi ? same audience ? car seems to have some kind of slope sensor . transmission does n't shift up when going up hill . car runs uphill at 3,000 rpm and need shift manually i
 going up hill . car runs uphill at 3,000 rpm and need shift manually i.o . to save gas . dsg transmission is nice but hypersensitive . it 's a roller coaster ride when car is cold . a/c has a mind of
en for years . fun , sporty , economical ( best gas mileage in the class ) and the engine and transmission are amazing . driving experience . the quick engine , transmission options , and nimble handl
class ) and the engine and transmission are amazing . driving experience . the quick engine , transmission options , and nimble handling.had the car a little more than 3 weeks . 2.0t w/ s-line . test 
 jerk ( as if i was driving a stick shift vehicle ) i was told it was the svt in the vehicles transmission . i only different from our acura tl and former lexus model was the oil light came on at 4k m
is is one sweet ride . gone is the turbo lag i had in jetta , probably due to the audi manual transmission . nice smooth shifting , very good acceleration , fuel mileage has been in upper 20s , but ca
eally powerfull provided that you now how to drive a 4 cyl turbo engine , i.e. , buy a manual transmission and do not ask the engine for maximum thrust at 1500rpm . downshift , step on the gas and see
. for me , a4 is the ideal compromise between price , aspect and driving experience . the 4wd transmission and the electronic breaking , steering , stabilization , etc , integrate very well . it 's a 
 pure luxury car , but the a4 has enough of both to please me . the sport setting on the auto transmission is great for playing around , but sucks the gas too much for day to day driving . i also ca n
 much for day to day driving . i also ca n't wait for some snow to test the awd out.tiptronic transmission , sporty look , pretty decent gas mileage ( compared to the blazer i was driving ) and really
 any other i have owned . great car and beautiful design lines . only thing i would change is transmission shifting as low acceleration - it can be a bit jerky . if you have n't driven one - do it ! f
lines , great build quality , amazing powertrain . the engine always feels 'on boil ' and the transmission gearing matches the power band perfectly . great noises - i almost never turn on the radio wi
 the location of the parking brake with regard to the arm rest . otherwise , perfect.engine , transmission , interior build quality handling , utility , looks.as a 15 year porsche carrera owner most r
 miles today and got 23mpg . that is up from 19mpg in the 1st 1000miles . suspension , engine transmission are outstanding . interior design and fit and finish are great . it is by far the best lookin
ering wheel . retractable rear spoiler allows the cars clean lines to show through . s-tronic transmission is perfect for the highway , back roads and in the city too . aluminum hood easy lift.had my 
trunk has a lot of room when back seats are folded.i have had some problems with my automatic transmission . when i am stopped on a hill and then try to go , the car rolls backward like i have a manua
 when i am stopped on a hill and then try to go , the car rolls backward like i have a manual transmission . there does not seem to be a hill-holder feature . what is maddening , is that this only hap
e car . also , the car rolls backward an inch , or so , when i put it in park on a hill . the transmission seems loose , or sloppy . my dealership can find nothing wrong . i ca n't believe this is a n
to use all the power - exhilarating ! 2 ( optional ) suspension modes ( sport/regular ) and 4 transmission choices ( auto , sport , paddle override and clutchless manual - great combinations . the qua
ve only had it 3 months . as an only car , for a kid free couple it 's fantasticstyling , dsg transmission , magnetic suspension , sound ( engine and stereo ) and fun to drivei have only had the car f
nd am taking it back to service ( again ) next week . the bluetooth receives very clearly but transmission is broken up to the point the other person can barely understand what i am saying.styling , p
 stereo , bluetooth phone hookup.this car was leased for my wife . i owned a tt with a manual transmission a few years ago and we were attracted to this car by the excellent lease terms , appearance a
 front and rear driver 's window . that was fixed . the second trip was because the automatic transmission ( cvt ) feels like it shifts from 1st to overdrive within about 2 seconds , causing significa
l you that the car goes forward when you put car in reverse . they say this is normal for cvt transmission . this was not disclosed before purchase . i do n't think they would ever sell any cars with 
or flaw . if you attempt to accelerate fast from a dead stop by mashing the accelerator , the transmission hesitates for a full second before the turbo kicks in . this can be dangerous when attempting
g traffic . i was told by the dealer that this is a common complaint because of the tiptronic transmission and can not be corrected . you simply can not throttle the vehicle hard from a stop and there
drive the a4 once and you 'll understand completely.sport suspension , bluetooth , the manual transmission , multifunction steering wheel and of course the sport seats.our first experience with audi c
uld take a serious look at the a4 before making a decision . ipod integration , s mode on the transmission , awd , fuel economy , xenon headlights , bluetooth . 2.0t turbo 211hp/258ft-lb torque . ... 
 smoother ( but then you 'd lose the sports car feel ) . just a great car ! lights , stereo , transmission , bluetooth , intuitive to drive , quickness , looks of car , fun ! i got the a4 with premium
dles great and has much better performance than previous a4s . the only complaint , automatic transmission seems to shift too early in the lower gears and sometimes feels like it ca n't make up its mi
ful , mmi much easier and intuitive than bmw , steering is very crisp , engine is very good , transmission very smooth , shifting in manual mode is great ! as expected , interior is best in class and 
ind back a bit cramped though . save money + stay with base engine- turbo is great ! engine , transmission , steering , brakes are all great . stereo is awesome- car looks great ( white/black ) and ne
finish . the easy-to-use nav system . the comfortable seats . the acceleration of the 6-speed transmission . all- wheel drive - a `` must-have '' in north dakota . my bicycle fits in the back ! i held
interior controls , sound system , smooth ride , fun to drive , highway acceleration . manual transmission started off a little rough but drives like a dream now after three weeks . lots of room insid
orget the tiptronic -- only about $ 1200 more for auto , but a downgrade in my opinion.manual transmission with sportline package . awesome front and rear grille.amazing value . i 've owned a 911cab ,
hback button , awdalthough a very good looking car and fun to drive at high speeds , this car transmission technology is still too new and audi has not full control over it , i have a default transmis
smission technology is still too new and audi has not full control over it , i have a default transmission , and am not the only one , they have no right answers as how to fix it , they first exchange
fix it , they first exchange the mechatronics which has nothing to do with the jerking of the transmission in the lower gears , and after trying different things and not being able to repair the car t
rent things and not being able to repair the car their best solution is to replace the entire transmission in a vehicle that has less than 2800 miles . that to me as a customer is unacceptable.outside
ts and the rooftop made my life so easy in convincing my wife : a 10 out of 10.side mirrors , transmission , roof , led lights , interior and exterior design.this car is such a big upgrade from our 20
hts , and overall design . excellent all-around luxury suv . traded in our 2004 volvo xc 90 ( transmission problems ) . looked at the volvo xc60 and lexus rx 350 among several others . after the deale
re fun driving this car than any car i have owned and i 've had several sports cars . put the transmission in `` s '' and punch it and it throws you back in the seat . we test drove the volvo , lexus 
rice , the q won hands down . great car ! acceleration and feel when engaging the sport drive transmission . turning ability , look and feel of the dashboard , 3d display graphics , one touch controls
drive and especially so in the sport mode . has more get up and go than i ever expected . the transmission in the regular drive mode can be a bit sluggish , but works fine . there is plenty of room in
had to take the mdx 3 times to dealership to fix a/c and i recently discovered a noise on the transmission , so i decided - that 's it ! ! and bought the q5 . i could not be happier with it.great pick
 latest generation mmi system is useful and intuitive , panoramic sunroof , quattro six speed transmission , quality and finish of interior , led daytime running lights and tailights , utra smooth 3.2
None
