Displaying 16 of 16 matches:
                                                                                                 engine , brakes , handling , does all very well . i like the 08 m3 coupe , but it only seats 4 , and th
 ride when desired , but stiffens in the corners for confident handling in aggressive mode . the engine is superb and an aftermarket exhaust system ( several are available ) actually makes meaningfull
ould change is the seat height , which does not lower sufficiently for me ( i am 6 ' ) .engine , engine , engine ! quattro with its rear bias is also terrific . coming from an 2005 s4 , my 07 rs4 is a
ge is the seat height , which does not lower sufficiently for me ( i am 6 ' ) .engine , engine , engine ! quattro with its rear bias is also terrific . coming from an 2005 s4 , my 07 rs4 is a complete
0hp just is n't enough once you get used to it.exhaust note , suspension , blue tooth , wheels , engine block look , color ( phantom black ) , tail pipes . i would have to say that this car is the mos
wning it ... a total sleeper ... it does n't turn heads until you stomp it . then - it moves.the engine ... there 's nothing like 420hp and an 8000rmp red line in a small sedan . love that it comes wi
 and the aggressive exterior finishes this car superbly . then of course there is the v8 4.2 fsi engine which tops it all with that `` purfect '' sound to go with it . a wee bit on the expensive side 
r with the new front and rear designed grill and oval exhaust pipes that resonates the excellent engine noise when its in the s mode.also the extra hp now available due to the direct fuel injection ( 
 . i came out of an s4 , and bought the rs4 after an ample test drive . the driving dynamics and engine feel remind me of me 1997 m3 ( first of three i owned ) , which i felt handled better than the 2
 little nose heavy , but compared to the s4 , it 's really hardly noticeable , and the braking , engine and lateral stability are outstanding . its really a wonderful machine , and the all wheel drive
ture of performances in the rs4 make it the best car in its classquattro , interior finishings , engine , sizei just recently purchased the rs4 and every time that i just look at my car ( which is oft
t i get back , it 's worth way more than what i paid.the more you push on the gas , the more the engine calls for more . the `` s '' button is off the hook , it sounds great . the whole car.this is by
 car is really that good . forget about the competition because this car blows them away.amazing engine with a 8,250 redline , drop-dead gorgeous looks , audi quality interior , very fun to drive fast
gorgeous looks , audi quality interior , very fun to drive fast or slow.the moment i turn on the engine ... wow . sounds so solid , i mean solid . once you press the s button , it sounds even sweeter 
st and no increase in fuel consumption ! brilliant ! consistent torque , smooth and free revving engine , refined yet capable suspension setup , great interior design and materials , sd card slot in r
exhilaration . it is extremely quick , hugs the corners and has a rock-solid build quality . the engine sounds great , too . this is a fantastic every-day car and not too thirsty given its 420 hp engi
None
