Displaying 10 of 10 matches:
                                                                                                handling , does all very well . i like the 08 m3 coupe , but it only seats 4 , and the 08 m3 sedan looks
. its drc offers a very compliant ride when desired , but stiffens in the corners for confident handling in aggressive mode . the engine is superb and an aftermarket exhaust system ( several are avail
s 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm range . winter handling with winter tires is exceptional and the car is on rails in hard packed snow . the design is di
on on the market today . the amount of power you get from that 4.2litre v8 is astonishing . the handling far surpasses anything else in this range . audis of old used to be really nose heavy and the u
e earlier cars ( surprise , surprise ) . huge fun to drive , awesome acceleration , outstanding handling & stopping power - at the same time comfortable , fine for everyday driving , it easily seats f
 in the s mode.also the extra hp now available due to the direct fuel injection ( fsi ) and the handling is just great . i came out of an s4 , and bought the rs4 after an ample test drive . the drivin
for your buck than even higher priced cars.undoubtedly the best sedan available . the power and handling are awesome . the gas mileage is better than an audi s4 . the silver interior is breathtaking .
. wow . sounds so solid , i mean solid . once you press the s button , it sounds even sweeter . handling is fabulous , acceleration is top notch . yes is a bit pricy but nothing compares at this momen
s a beast . the exhaust note is amazing and there is so much torque at all rpms . well balanced handling and it 's so much easier to drive quickly thru the hills . i 'm even getting the same fuel econ
gin to think about stopping and i am there , all without any complaint , squeal , or nose dip . handling - i pull corners and i 'm amazed the car transcends all its weight and stays completely flat th
None
