Displaying 14 of 14 matches:
erb and an aftermarket exhaust system ( several are available ) actually makes meaningfully more power . its redline is 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm 
aningfully more power . its redline is 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm range . winter handling with winter tires is exceptional and the car is on rails 
is also terrific . coming from an 2005 s4 , my 07 rs4 is a completely different beast . has more power , much better suspension , looks better , feels better , just a better car and yes you pay for i
r , feels better , just a better car and yes you pay for it . however , i would like to see more power because people who buy rs4s crave power and 420hp just is n't enough once you get used to it.exh
 yes you pay for it . however , i would like to see more power because people who buy rs4s crave power and 420hp just is n't enough once you get used to it.exhaust note , suspension , blue tooth , wh
o say that this car is the most practical performance saloon on the market today . the amount of power you get from that 4.2litre v8 is astonishing . the handling far surpasses anything else in this 
the money and what you can expect to get in mileage with this kind of power.looks , interior and power ratio with the 60 % 40 % quattro.i 've owned a total of 4 different audis based on the a4 so far
rprise , surprise ) . huge fun to drive , awesome acceleration , outstanding handling & stopping power - at the same time comfortable , fine for everyday driving , it easily seats four people . still
ibrations , no oil consumption , and no questions of build quality . the car is just wonderful . power is smooth and a lot of it there . i am averaging up to 25 mpg hwy @ avg speed of 79 mph . i want
 had to inspect the car for my title told me that they where fighting for the honor to test it ! power , comfort , ride , look , and an immaculate finish to everything in this car make the price well
make the price well worth itthe exterior is gorgeous ( i got my car in the avus silver ) and the power ... wow ! i think that for the price tag you get more bang for your buck than even higher priced
 more bang for your buck than even higher priced cars.undoubtedly the best sedan available . the power and handling are awesome . the gas mileage is better than an audi s4 . the silver interior is br
otch luxury features , 5-star safety , and all-wheel-drive.hi-revving 420 hp v8 , both for it 's power and its lascivious sound . excellent recaro seats . bluetooth . nav with integrated sd card read
nd . excellent recaro seats . bluetooth . nav with integrated sd card readers . colossal braking power and handling.after multiple m3s and porsches this car 's performance and construction astound me
None
