Displaying 23 of 23 matches:
ing dynamics . i can hardly believe it is a 4 cylinder , but i 'm reminded of it when i idle the engine with the windows down . i returned a leased 2007 lexus is350 and at no point did i feel like i d
 interior room is cavernous and the ergonomics are superb . acceleration is amazing for any size engine not to mention for a 4 cyl . the bluetooth integration is excellent as it reads your entire phon
fference with the new v4 from my prior v6 , except the gas mileage is better and it is a quieter engine . i ordered the premium plus package with the navigator . i love the voice activated bluetooth d
 pkg . everything is voice activated . back up camera is very handy . proximity sensor locks and engine start are very convenient . eps is nicely engineered . audi side assist is handy . seats are ver
r in germany than north america ( one of the cup holders is small ) . proximity sensor locks and engine start , back up camera , navigation , voice activation features . ami , you can hook up a 500gb 
od in fact that the seams trunk to body are so tight you ca n't fit bike rack clips in between . engine is smooth . test drove the 2.0s not going to pay this much for a car that vibrates 3.2 is for me
les and had no desire to give it up . the audi 's driving dynamics , power and smoothness of the engine are great ( even vs. cab ) and gas mileage is quite good . it 's also the perfect size i was loo
 for about a month and a half , almost 2 months now . the day after i bought it , it had a check engine light on . 3 trips to the dealership in a month and a half later , i got the fuel pump replaced 
ove the lane change tap w/ side mirror led 's . multitronic cvt proves powerful , mechanical and engine notes ( dfi techno ) make me smile . all around a spirited and sporty car.front led 's , bluetoo
ion . i felt that the exterior styling and the better interior features of the a4 outweighed the engine performance of the 335i . the lexus rear bumper styling just did n't grow on me . so far after d
 with integration with your contacts . ipod intergration very intuitive to use with mmi system . engine pulls very nicely without sounding harsh , smooth power . sports seats very comfortable and supp
ellence in engineering . this model , with it 's increased length and width , adjustments to the engine mounts to reduce the vibration in the 2.0 four cylinder engine , and the tweaks to the accelerat
th and width , adjustments to the engine mounts to reduce the vibration in the 2.0 four cylinder engine , and the tweaks to the acceleration off the line make us feel like we 're back in our a6 . room
ith the positive vibe on this newly improved model.the car is well balanced with awd and the 2.0 engine gives great performance with very good gas mileage . the interior feels like a jet cockpit . the
sly owned two 6-cylinder jaguar x-types . the audi a4 ride is fantastic ; the 4-cylinder quattro engine is very powerful . tiptronic manual shift is fun ( but dangerous -- must be careful to avoid spe
old and like smooth ! there is no perfection but this car is excellent in every way . the diesel engine does clatter but you ca n't really hear it from inside except when you accelerate and then it 's
 plastic like my chrysler ) with plenty of leg room all around and the layout is excellent . the engine has plenty of power and the brakes are amazing . the ride is a little stiff with the sport packa
m to drive ... no issues . i get plenty of compliments and makes me feel happy to drive it . the engine has good giddy up in the low-speed range . once you 're higher up , engine feels like it struggl
ppy to drive it . the engine has good giddy up in the low-speed range . once you 're higher up , engine feels like it struggles to move up , nevertheless it 's fast enough for me unless you 're lookin
y love it ! the symphony style led headlights are my favorite , everyone notices them . the 2.0t engine has plenty of power , i would n't want the 3.2l . audi has done it again ! led headlights , navi
ossible and i have no regrets whatsoever in purchasing this car . recommendedperformance of 2.0t engine is excellent while still giving great gas mileage . interior styling , finish and technology is 
ra cost- stereo is wonderful , mmi much easier and intuitive than bmw , steering is very crisp , engine is very good , transmission very smooth , shifting in manual mode is great ! as expected , inter
will still find back a bit cramped though . save money + stay with base engine- turbo is great ! engine , transmission , steering , brakes are all great . stereo is awesome- car looks great ( white/bl
None
