Displaying 31 of 31 matches:
s car spell luxury.led running lights , exterior/interior , ipod & bluetooth integrations , awd handling , mpg/performance ratio , turning ratio , overall dimensions ( it is a massive , confident vehi
ufacturers , but it 's hardly intuitive . in sum , it 's a solid but not outstanding effort.the handling : sometimes the size feels awkward , but no matter the situation , you 're always in control . 
 drive through usb if you want ... turbo 4 provides plenty acceleration with good gas mileage . handling is unreal . considered the bmw 328 and cadillac cts . both were great but did not appear worth 
 great but did not appear worth the extra cost ( insurance , maintenance and purchase price ) . handling , interior and overall dealer service.car is everything i expected . fit & finish is as good as
is simply stunning , especially from the outside , especially with the prestige package i got . handling is very balanced , ride is sporty yet comfortable for longer commutes . quattro provides excell
 and quattro ! 09 a4 2.0t cvt prem plus quartz gray . terrific styling with an equal balance of handling and performance to please the enthusiast . mpg , safety , features & opts are solid , only seda
about my decision . the a4 is fast off the line and pulling on the freeway in sports mode , the handling is great with the quattro , and it 's very eye catching with the led driving lights.bluetooth w
oth power . sports seats very comfortable and supportive , instrument panel , nav , and quattro handling is perfect.this is my first entry level luxury sedan purchase . i 'm very thorough in my resear
pared bmw , lexus and audi . performance , quality and style made audi the best choice for me . handling , smooth ride , looks , ami system with ipod integration , interior . i test drove the bmw 328i
 my first maiden road trip and could not be happier . no body aches , great gas mileage , great handling in rain and when the sun came out i opened up the panoramic sun roof.panoramic sun roof , fifth
8s and 6spd manual ! audi has completely raised the bar with this one . the sport pkg takes the handling threshold into triple digits with ease . plus i 've been getting 31.3 mpg cruising between 72- 
ating . steering wheel with great feel . 29-30 mpg hwy 25-26 cmb , great for this car segment . handling is amazing in general and a standout in bad weather . seamless bluetooth . spacious . great sou
ss than a comparably equipped bmw with better mileage . smooth and powerful 2.0 turbo , quattro handling , awesome i-pod connection with the mmi , back-up assist camera , keyless start-up , incredible
hoping for when i 1st purchased an audi , slightly better performance than before , much better handling , much improved seats ( highly recommend sport pkg option ) . feels like an adult 's vehicle . 
e the car . best combination of size , performance , and practicality on the market . wonderful handling and when the turbo kicks in , breathtaking acceleration . lots of features and techno gadgets e
 a looker and gets lots of attention , a top choice among wagons ! turbo acceleration , quattro handling , interior build , full of features , great looking car , highway mileage 27mpg at 80mpg , room
nds for supplying loads of info towards my purchase . no . 1 is styling . paddle shifters , awd handling , led running lights that turn heads , xenon headlights and the stereo are great . light steeri
the ride is tremendous and smooth . very quiet in the cab which is great for blue-tooth calls . handling is superb . handles even better over 90 as all german cars should . excellent off the line . sp
mode is stellar with the v6 . light package makes you feel like a rock star as you turn heads . handling , smooth ride , light package , sound system , interior is beautiful , front exterior is awesom
 but after driving the audi a4 , i ca n't imagine ever going back to another manufacturer . the handling is tight , the speed is quick and the ride is firm without being hard.handling ( car does n't l
ke your driving a 100k car ! big space ship design compared to cars in its class . the true awd handling ! the new body style turns it into a thing of beauty as opposed to last years design that didn 
he road , and it 's substantially different than in d , it 's not some gimmick . acceleration , handling , braking . being stationed in europe , i have had the privilege to drive on the infamous autob
i , mercedes-benz c300 4matic , and the acura tl . the a4 was the best vehicle hands down . the handling of this vehicle on wet and dry roads is excellent . i feel like i 'm riding on rails even in th
heel drive system.i love to drive this car . it 's the prestige with nav and drive select . the handling is unbelievable , combined with a truly solid ride and plenty of power . i was concerned at fir
rive select-distinct softening in comfort mode , nice for town . dynamic really tightens up the handling . sweet on mulholland drive with all the other yahoos in their bmw 's and porsches . sirius-24 
i was able to test quattro system much more than on wet pavement . i confirm that without asr , handling is exceeding my expectation ! i feared that the electronic would limit my fun , but i 'm very p
 premium plus package . great exterior styling , good interior , good fit/finish , almost great handling . this car is quicker and better handing than the '99 a6 3.2 i sold . the low-end torque makes 
t bmw , mercedes , and lexus , and this car defiintely blows them all away . end of story . the handling could not get any better ; it is even better than the 2008 audi a4 . the steering is very preci
k it 's a no brainer.the mmi is very cool . the 2.0 is much better than i thought it would be . handling is very crisp . i can really throw it through turns . seats are very comfortable . seems to get
e a4 for the style , size ( bmw too small ) , quality of the interior , ultimate sound system . handling , fun to drive is great ! performance is more than enough for me , but lack brute force of g35x
d cable delivery soon and will provide feedback on it . fuel economy for a 6cyl , it 's great ! handling in corners . sound system.the new a4 is an all around excellent auto . it surpasses all others 
None
