Displaying 57 of 57 matches:
 is350 and at no point did i feel like i downgraded although this vehicle was $ 7000 less . the interior room is cavernous and the ergonomics are superb . acceleration is amazing for any size engine n
mw thrilling . like the fact its an awd car , for full year use . fit and finish is excellent , interior is gorgeous . gas mileage is terrible . hope long term reliability is good . we leased , but bu
t buyout is very attractive . if it holds together , can envision a long term ownership.style , interior design and finish . wheels look great . love the way the car looks with the top and windows dow
ds , especially with s mode . the exterior with daylight running light draws attentions and the interior design , especially with the red back lights , is just beautiful . the fuel economy is good wit
economy is good with over 33 mpg highway and 27 mixed highway/city driving.quattro , exterior , interior , bluetooth phone interface , ipod music interface , daylight running light.quite frankly , it 
 25 highway/city driving . it is definitely a fun to drive car with very tight turning circle . interior and exterior design earn many praises from my friends . the problem is i 'm getting the shimmy 
c interface ( ipod interface ) , quattro , sports mode , bluetooth hands-free phone interface , interior material and exterior looks , day light running lights.i 've had the audi for 2,500km so far . 
did not appear worth the extra cost ( insurance , maintenance and purchase price ) . handling , interior and overall dealer service.car is everything i expected . fit & finish is as good as it gets . 
 cars i have driven . the car has a lot of speed for a 4 cyl and also it has a sport gear . the interior is really comfortable , and i so far have not had any blind spots ! could not ask for more in a
k now . excellent well designed car . sharp styling with excellent design/fit and finish on the interior . mmi is really slick . performance on the 2.0t is excellent - strong pull due to high torque .
xhaust note gives a good growl when accelerating . pricing right now has been really good too ! interior design , fit & finish and performancejust picked up an aruba blue , premium plus with navi and 
 cab ) and gas mileage is quite good . it 's also the perfect size i was looking for . the gray interior is beautiful . the mmi is awesome as is the bluetooth and stereo . seats very comfortable as we
ough it is slightly more tedious than honda 's . bluetooth works great with both of my phones . interior is beautiful . this car is simply stunning , especially from the outside , especially with the 
h the s- line package looks great . we get a lot of positive comments . bluetooth works great . interior fit and finish is excellent.i 've only owned my new car for about a month and a half , almost 2
ctivated bluetooth , keyless entry/start , flappy paddle shifters , alcantara seats , quattro , interior and exterior styling , general material and build quality , automatic everything ( or not ) , r
 enthusiast . mpg , safety , features & opts are solid , only sedan w/ a d pillar . 2-tone gray interior is best out of other sedans tested . love the lane change tap w/ side mirror led 's . multitron
and olufsen system , bluetooth and navigation . i felt that the exterior styling and the better interior features of the a4 outweighed the engine performance of the 335i . the lexus rear bumper stylin
di the best choice for me . handling , smooth ride , looks , ami system with ipod integration , interior . i test drove the bmw 328i wagon , saab 9-3 combi , prius , audi a3 , subaru impreza , vw gti 
 considering this vehicle to do an extended test drive . i wish i had.ipod integration . modern interior styling . voice recognition dialing . mandatory cigarette lighter . one lb key fob . great car 
ality . i am already averaging 25.5 mpg over 1,300 miles ( 1/5 city and 4/5 highway driving ) . interior and exterior design , led daylight running light , lane change assist , keyless entry and start
l balanced with awd and the 2.0 engine gives great performance with very good gas mileage . the interior feels like a jet cockpit . the increased vehicle size was a great idea that was much needed.i w
k with a prestige package . i wanted the 18 '' rims and the bang & olufsen stereo . the audi 's interior looks rich while the others ' look cheaper . the rear seat room is much better in the audi.the 
r is unbelievable . the bmw 325xi wagon cost $ 8k more for the same equipment but had a cheaper interior and did n't drive as well . the infiniti ex had sub-par interior quality although it drove grea
me equipment but had a cheaper interior and did n't drive as well . the infiniti ex had sub-par interior quality although it drove great . however , i 'm not going to apologize to my back seat passeng
 great ; good- looking wheels are standard . great sound system with 6 disc in-dash cd player . interior heats up fast in cold weather.looked at the infiniti g37 and bmw 3 series before settling on th
got the diesels and i bought one 3 weeks ago and traded my 2007 bmw 328i . it looks great , the interior is beautiful and the ride is nice and comfortable without being too 'sloppy ' . the bmw was my 
mfort and steering . steering tightens up the faster you go . wonderful sound system . spacious interior . car is quiet at high at 90mph ! i bought this car as a gift for my wife , a blue quattro conv
 drive in snow . i have driven nothing better . striking , handsome exterior and modern , sharp interior . mmi with ipod integration is fantastic , but no genius . flawless bluetooth performance . cli
f features and techno gadgets even in the base model . as can be expected from audi , top notch interior build although the gray metallic plastic around the instrument panel seems cheesy , why did n't
nd gets lots of attention , a top choice among wagons ! turbo acceleration , quattro handling , interior build , full of features , great looking car , highway mileage 27mpg at 80mpg , roomy enough fo
ght my attention and when audi applied it to the a4 , it when to the top of my list . beautiful interior with aluminum trim ( not cheap plastic like my chrysler ) with plenty of leg room all around an
t enough for me unless you 're looking for a speeding ticket.love the leather sport seats , the interior and the quality of the materials.went from an '06 a4 2.0 quattro to this . this is the '06 all 
el like a rock star as you turn heads . handling , smooth ride , light package , sound system , interior is beautiful , front exterior is awesome , acceleration is excellent.in january i traded in my 
ag ) and comfort ( for it 's class - i looked at the c-class , 3-series , 9-3 and g35x and this interior competes solidly with the other brands ) .love this car . it 's fun to drive and has character 
 drive and has character . it may not be the fastest in its class , but it is fast enough . the interior design is excellent and the interior space is much more roomier than the older a4s . personally
 be the fastest in its class , but it is fast enough . the interior design is excellent and the interior space is much more roomier than the older a4s . personally , i think the exterior design is nic
s 4 people comfortably . i would n't go for 5 unless 3 are very small . the trunk is huge . the interior is handsome and the sound system is fine . this is my first experience with bluetooth and its m
problem getting around . the brakes are first rate.i just got the a4 awd 2.0t at white w/ black interior premium plus with the custom oem audi sport 18 '' rims on all seasons and added the chrome tips
 always thought they were overrated . the sound system is incredible . daytime running lights . interior and the layout of the instrument cluster . all safety features that make this car safe . keyles
at this is by far the best and most fun car i ever owned . the technology is cutting edge , the interior is on par with any recent porsche ( and much better than its direct competitors ) and the perfo
e out i finally picked up the 2.0 turbo with the premium plus package in brilliant red with tan interior . this car is awesome ! the turbo has excellent giddy-up , and the extra foot lbs . of torque g
cle on wet and dry roads is excellent . i feel like i 'm riding on rails even in the snow . the interior is beautiful and made with high quality materials . every button and every dial feels great to 
t with safety first and foremost . this car is fun to drive and i expect audi to improve on its interior functionality in the next few years . for us larger drivers a better designed front seat would 
ed me to this beautifully appointed sport sedan . great looking exterior plus a finely finished interior . everything about the driver 's cockpit is wonderfully situated , easy to reach knobs and dial
0 turbobought the a4 2.0t quattro with the premium plus package . great exterior styling , good interior , good fit/finish , almost great handling . this car is quicker and better handing than the '99
think is a much better car . it handles great , it 's feels much quicker than the 328 , and the interior and exterior design ( at least on the avant ) is a real winner . so far , i think it 's a no br
r and the color . i test drove several cars before decided on a4 . you ca n't compare beautiful interior & exterior designing with any other car in its class . when turbo kicks in you feel you are drv
t on a highway . love the mmi , bluetooth and ipod features . i love it.great pick up , awesome interior , great sound system & mmi.had this car for three weeks and i have nothing but good things too 
s and i have nothing but good things too say about it . stylish exterior with just as beautiful interior . acceleration and power feel much better than when i tested the 2009 tsx which is also a four-
 premium plus trim with navigation and i 'm really loving the car . it has the exterior looks , interior styling/finish and performance that make it the true triple-threat . for a v4 turbo , it delive
 rpm range making it a pure joy to drive coupled with the excellent all- time quattro awd . the interior is audi at it 's best with an excellent mmi system - for all intents and purposes is the same i
r is audi at it 's best with an excellent mmi system - for all intents and purposes is the same interior of the more expensive a6/q7 models . everything is designed to make the driver 's job as effort
car . recommendedperformance of 2.0t engine is excellent while still giving great gas mileage . interior styling , finish and technology is same as more expensive a6/q7 model . the led drls are unique
gine is very good , transmission very smooth , shifting in manual mode is great ! as expected , interior is best in class and extra length to car has resulted in much better back seat space than previ
 & elegant lines . the headlights are making heads turn on the road ! ! the trunk is spacious ; interior is luxurious and roomy . i debated on waiting for the 6-speed manual , but decided to go with t
wd cars in that segment , then chose a4 for the style , size ( bmw too small ) , quality of the interior , ultimate sound system . handling , fun to drive is great ! performance is more than enough fo
 with minimal nose dive . the best feature is the steering feel . it 's very light and nimble . interior and exterior finish quality is top notch . i test drove this car at infineon raceway a few mont
None
