Displaying 13 of 13 matches:
 the audi for 2,500km so far . it is amazing . fuel efficiency is great for a car with this much power . the 2.0 is more powerful than the 3.2 for the first 100km ( 60mph ) . i have the navi and tech
ponsive as well as my 2006 bmw 5 series . steering is tight , brakes are just a bit grabby , and power is strong . the awd is the best , especially in heavy , slushy snow . the only complaint is that
rd with 100k trouble-free miles and had no desire to give it up . the audi 's driving dynamics , power and smoothness of the engine are great ( even vs. cab ) and gas mileage is quite good . it 's al
 feels like it shifts from 1st to overdrive within about 2 seconds , causing significant loss of power . this even happens in sport mode . in addition , there is some lurching and hesitation upon ini
very intuitive to use with mmi system . engine pulls very nicely without sounding harsh , smooth power . sports seats very comfortable and supportive , instrument panel , nav , and quattro handling i
me around.i purchased this car for the winter weather performance , blend of fuel efficiency and power , stunning appearance , and advanced safety and technology features . those the car achieves the
sler ) with plenty of leg room all around and the layout is excellent . the engine has plenty of power and the brakes are amazing . the ride is a little stiff with the sport package and 18 '' low-pro
feature and my mirrors tell me if someone is in my blind spot with a flashing light . except for power i actually like this car a lot more than my 550i.gas mileage , b & o stereo , works seamlessly w
and drive select . the handling is unbelievable , combined with a truly solid ride and plenty of power . i was concerned at first whether the car would have sufficient power for my lead foot , but it
 solid ride and plenty of power . i was concerned at first whether the car would have sufficient power for my lead foot , but it certainly does , especially in sport mode . you just need to punch it 
ony style led headlights are my favorite , everyone notices them . the 2.0t engine has plenty of power , i would n't want the 3.2l . audi has done it again ! led headlights , navigation , new sportie
od things too say about it . stylish exterior with just as beautiful interior . acceleration and power feel much better than when i tested the 2009 tsx which is also a four-banger but not quite as re
al shift mode , but also a sport autoshift that lets the car stay in lower gears longer for more power . all in all a real eye-catcher inside and out that gets decent mpg for an awd and has just enou
None
