Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
 stereo , bluetooth phone hookup.this car was leased for my wife . i owned a tt with a manual transmission a few years ago and we were attracted to this car by the excellent lease terms , appearance a
 front and rear driver 's window . that was fixed . the second trip was because the automatic transmission ( cvt ) feels like it shifts from 1st to overdrive within about 2 seconds , causing significa
l you that the car goes forward when you put car in reverse . they say this is normal for cvt transmission . this was not disclosed before purchase . i do n't think they would ever sell any cars with 
or flaw . if you attempt to accelerate fast from a dead stop by mashing the accelerator , the transmission hesitates for a full second before the turbo kicks in . this can be dangerous when attempting
g traffic . i was told by the dealer that this is a common complaint because of the tiptronic transmission and can not be corrected . you simply can not throttle the vehicle hard from a stop and there
drive the a4 once and you 'll understand completely.sport suspension , bluetooth , the manual transmission , multifunction steering wheel and of course the sport seats.our first experience with audi c
uld take a serious look at the a4 before making a decision . ipod integration , s mode on the transmission , awd , fuel economy , xenon headlights , bluetooth . 2.0t turbo 211hp/258ft-lb torque . ... 
 smoother ( but then you 'd lose the sports car feel ) . just a great car ! lights , stereo , transmission , bluetooth , intuitive to drive , quickness , looks of car , fun ! i got the a4 with premium
dles great and has much better performance than previous a4s . the only complaint , automatic transmission seems to shift too early in the lower gears and sometimes feels like it ca n't make up its mi
ful , mmi much easier and intuitive than bmw , steering is very crisp , engine is very good , transmission very smooth , shifting in manual mode is great ! as expected , interior is best in class and 
ind back a bit cramped though . save money + stay with base engine- turbo is great ! engine , transmission , steering , brakes are all great . stereo is awesome- car looks great ( white/black ) and ne
None
