Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
2 on the highway doing 70-75. nav is fast , accurate and easy , bose radio rocks , steering and handling great . my speedometer is 3 mph fast and the front cupholders are n't great - otherwise nothing
therwise nothing compares for this 6'2 '' 220 pounderengine/trans ; quattro ; nav ; stability , handling , smoothness and quiet at all speeds ; mileage and gas tank size ; strong brakes with brake ass
2000 audi a6 with the feel of this car leaning more towards the a8 than it does to the a4 . the handling is still nimble and oh so much fun in s-shift , especially when taking off at the lights . the 
al attention to detail to build . fun to drive.attractive styling and general appearance , good handling , excellent gas mileage , engine power - excellent for a mid-size six , wood trim is beautifull
aptive headlights are very bright . good acceleration and braking . quattro awd gives excellent handling . tight turning radius for a big car . trunk is deep and the back seats fold down ( ! ) easily 
 circulation , controls on steering wheel . power rear sunshade.this is a spectacular car , its handling is excellent , and it grips the road like no other car . it is the nicest design , interior and
 the snow beautifully , does n't slip or slide . great job audi . acceleration , audio system , handling , and awd . great on snow and in rain . excellent car . have had several audis . this is the be
 rain water . plastic parts wear off too fast . the awd feature is very nice and helps with the handling . the interior is very nice . hopefully audi will master their product eventually . i will not 
t a luxury performance sedan should be . quattro four-wheel-drive provides incredible control , handling , and steering through curves and around corners . s-line suspension gives `` on-rails '' feeli
tooth that mated with my phone in love-at-first-sight fashion . s-line sport suspension matches handling of my bmw 3-series.the first thing that is great about the car is its elegant interior , i 've 
ppy . the v8 is quick off the line but is more appreciated when passing on the freeway . s line handling and paddle shifter are fun but not mandatory . new addition is the review camera - which become
None
