Displaying 15 of 15 matches:
ic . the 19 '' alloy wheels are stunning and really give the a6 a wow factor . the same for the interior - it 's form and function is impressive.this is my 2nd certified used audi a6 , the 1st was an 
 speeds ; mileage and gas tank size ; strong brakes with brake assist ; comfort ; reliability ; interior and exterior styling - so - just about everythingmy car is actually the audi a6 2.0 tsi and it 
fun to drive , plus it 's stylish . being a female , color is important and i love the amaretto interior . bose sound system cranks too . can shift into manual mode . very responsive and good in snow 
em cranks too . can shift into manual mode . very responsive and good in snow . stylish and the interior is attractive and very european.i 've driven acuras for 15 years ( vigor , tl ) and loved them 
d the x5 a lot , but really preferred a sedan . when i discovered the a6 had 350 hp , beautiful interior , and an enormous trunk , i was in . my test drive sealed the deal . i 've had the car for 6 we
mooth on the road . would encourage wheel insurance though as they 're easy to nick and scuff . interior screams luxury - well appointed and roomy . mmi control is much easier to learn than critics sa
d down ( ! ) easily holding golf bags.nav , mmi , bose audio , upgraded wheels , fuel economy , interior comfort & quietness , walnut accents , bluetooth , exterior style , quattro awd , cabin air cir
its handling is excellent , and it grips the road like no other car . it is the nicest design , interior and exterior in its class . very smooth on the road for the front seats , and has been a very r
lastic parts wear off too fast . the awd feature is very nice and helps with the handling . the interior is very nice . hopefully audi will master their product eventually . i will not be a repeat buy
much fun figuring out how to use the console to its fullest potential.the beautiful yellow wood interior and the console , sirius radio and the nav system.the audi a6 3.2 quattro s-line virtually embo
 '' feeling . averaging 22 mpg , while driving it `` passionately . '' stunning and comfortable interior , with full array of electronics : excellent bluetooth ( treo 700p worked from the start ) ; na
 matches handling of my bmw 3-series.the first thing that is great about the car is its elegant interior , i 've owned bmws and lexus and mbzs and they all come in a distant second to the interior . t
ant interior , i 've owned bmws and lexus and mbzs and they all come in a distant second to the interior . the sure footedness of its all wheel drive makes it a fun car to drive , yet not stiff and ru
is the review camera - which becomes important in the city ( bumpers not made for love taps ) . interior comfort very similar to the a8 . the car is awesome . the nav is easier to use than bmw . decen
wind up paying more for it ( just 1k under msrp ) but is definitely worth it . looks , luxury , interior and exterior lighting , tech package , nice sunroof , great seats , large trunk space , review 
None
