Displaying 18 of 18 matches:
v yet it was not something i would ever get again unless diesel was offered . simply put , small engine pulling around a heavy car . out of all the cars i saw that day , i decided the a3 was the one .
y i leased a metallic grey pearl , open sky , premium package , and s-tronic automatic . the 2.0 engine , i believe , coupled with a flawless dsg will allow this car to drive well beyond 100,000 miles
 open sky , while novel , and great if rear passengers are present , is very hot in the summer . engine + transmission=driving excellence . interior is excellently crafted , exterior is excellent as w
 have 2 mystery rattles , the drivers door handle and an exhaust rattle . mpg , looks , sound of engine and sound system , panoramic roof , wheels . i posted a review after i bought my audi last augus
 - you got ta try these ! this is my 7th audi including a4s and a tt . i love this car ! the 2.0 engine is a tremendous improvement over the old 1.8. the a3 is quick , has great handling , is nicely a
mine at the end of the year and saved a lot . in '08 , if you wanted awd you had to buy the 3.2l engine , and the price got pretty high . i understand that they are working on the pricing issue for '0
 an acura mdx , but now she 's borrowing the a3 whenever she can grab it . great handling , 2.0l engine , interior design.first road trip with the car using sport shifting with the dsg and was complet
could n't live without a backseat and some cargo space . the a3 completely fits the bill . great engine ; amazing transmission ; handles like it 's on rails . small size makes it tossable and zoom wit
smission ; handles like it 's on rails . small size makes it tossable and zoom with an efficient engine , but the a3 's real secret weapon is the practical space . audi does n't want you to know this 
e things because of how good they are , not just how big , you will love this car.transmission , engine , handling , drivers seatafter owning several audi vehicles , i can say that i 'm a big audi fan
 i mention how great the gas mileage is ? exterior and interior design and built quality . great engine 2.0t and dsg transmission . excelent stereo ! i test drove many vehicles for about 6 months . be
3 overall had all the features that i wanted , awd , cargo flexibility , compact size , powerful engine and a good level of luxury . the a3 is impressive the way it handles . coming from a previous s4
 the winter before a storm , turn the car off then hit the wiper lever , they come half way up ! engine , dsg , grippy cornering . love the interior . i love this car . really fun to drive , sticks li
grin it puts on your face when you hammer the throttle . i love this car , go buy one now ! 3.2l engine + quattro awd = unmatched performance vs the competition . seats are really comfortable and soun
 , etc . ) .great car . driver 's car . not floaty like is 250 or g35 . very responsive , fast , engine has a very nice growl to it . quattro is unmatched , do the research . 3.2 liter engine + quattr
, fast , engine has a very nice growl to it . quattro is unmatched , do the research . 3.2 liter engine + quattro = 0-60 in 5.9 at least . tons of great standard options such as autodimming mirrors , 
at i have driven for years . fun , sporty , economical ( best gas mileage in the class ) and the engine and transmission are amazing . driving experience . the quick engine , transmission options , an
eage in the class ) and the engine and transmission are amazing . driving experience . the quick engine , transmission options , and nimble handling.had the car a little more than 3 weeks . 2.0t w/ s-
None
