Displaying 11 of 11 matches:
d new a3 , the power window is broken , the power seat for the driver is broken , and now the transmission is giving problems . i will never buy another audi again . this is the most problamatic car i
 sedan . it has been a very responsive , comfortable , and rewarding driving experience . dsg transmission with shift paddles - you got ta try these ! this is my 7th audi including a4s and a tt . i lo
ut a backseat and some cargo space . the a3 completely fits the bill . great engine ; amazing transmission ; handles like it 's on rails . small size makes it tossable and zoom with an efficient engin
i 'm pretty much happy with all standart equipment such as dual a/c , great stereo , excelent transmission , well designed and built interior and exterior . if you want a audi vehicle , beware of cost
e gas mileage is ? exterior and interior design and built quality . great engine 2.0t and dsg transmission . excelent stereo ! i test drove many vehicles for about 6 months . between them were bmw 328
 wrong . i like this vehicle more and more as a continue to drive it . smooth power and great transmission . the ride of the vehicle is sporty but not punishing . flexibility of the cargo space . size
ttro i ca n't see a reason to get a new a4 avant when this option is out there . dsg/s-tronic transmission w/paddles . modification options : 200hp is plenty , but it 's nice to have the option to add
for 16 year olds ) in an audi ? same audience ? car seems to have some kind of slope sensor . transmission does n't shift up when going up hill . car runs uphill at 3,000 rpm and need shift manually i
 going up hill . car runs uphill at 3,000 rpm and need shift manually i.o . to save gas . dsg transmission is nice but hypersensitive . it 's a roller coaster ride when car is cold . a/c has a mind of
en for years . fun , sporty , economical ( best gas mileage in the class ) and the engine and transmission are amazing . driving experience . the quick engine , transmission options , and nimble handl
class ) and the engine and transmission are amazing . driving experience . the quick engine , transmission options , and nimble handling.had the car a little more than 3 weeks . 2.0t w/ s-line . test 
None
